When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility of elucidating this.
When a car is overtaking another and I am forced to drive off the road.
When one is unjustly accused of something one has not done.
Friends who torture animals.
When my partner was attacked and lost three teeth.
Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting, by someone close to me.  
When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had ended in a catastrophe, and several people had died.  I could not  understand how normal people could behave in such a way.
At my Summer job, nobody looked after me in particular and I had to learn all on my own.
When I spoke to Jan-Erik Wikstr÷m on the telephone. 
I locked myself out.
At work, when an elderly man complained unjustifiably about me and distrusted me.
Mad at my dad.
When someone stole my bike.
When friends try to put me down or hurt me.  
When my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me.
At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by cheating the foreigners i.e non Swedish speaking.  My anger had nothing to do with hatred against foreigners, but it was an expression of the anger I feel when I see people being used .
When I got caught in the pouring rain last Thursday and did not have a raincoat on me.
When a colleague asked me for help at work, despite the fact that he had more time to do it than I had.
The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written.  He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written about.
On the T.V I saw a news feature on South Africa.  A policeman      attacked a group of black people with a whip.
We were starting a student project, and the teacher we talked to was very negative and not very helpful.
Being treated unfairly.
I was accused of having done something, which I hadn't and got very angry.
I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled, this was the second time.  One had a negative attitude towards the lecturer.
In the holiday cottage of our association, two of my pals came to wake me up early one morning by bringing a radio played at the highest volume into my room - it was the morning service at its loudest.
We were in a disco and the evening was not at all pleasant.  Despite my not knowing why, I was angry with my companion.  I let him feel my bad humour as I cannot hide my feelings.
[ I sometimes quarrel with my mother because she blames me, though I have not in any way been connected to some events.]
Two boys whom I know were telling me, in an indecent manner, how they had teased a young and shy girl I know.  They had despised her conviction, scorned and touched her.  I got very angry and did not try to conceal it and gave it back to them.
When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right into the court.
I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues, whom I have nothing against, disturbed me by "terror ringing", i.e continously interrupting me by telephoning.
When I was deputy manager during the Summer, certain deputies took liberties, more than what was normal.
I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus pass.
When someone does something wrong which affects me negatively.
I saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in South Africa. 
The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle.
[ No response.]
When I missed the tram after having run for it.
When I am accused of something I have not done, I get unbelievably angry.
Someone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened.
Quarrel in the family.
My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had been wrongly parked.  However the sign had been put up only after I had already parked.
A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have enough confidence in me he asked a third person.
When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying Psychology because of its low status.
My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank an enormous amount of spirit.  This was dangerous  and he did not understand that he had done anything wrong.
The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks.   It is often a mistake but it makes me angry.
When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long time.
When, after a week at school, a teacher sent a note home saying that my son was inattentive and unable to do his lessons.
When I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and my mother took the teacher's point of view.
When my parents drove me to a nearby place and went home immediately instead of waiting a few hours.  They could have easily waited.
When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a friend of mine.  They called her a pig and then grunted.  This irritated most of the girls.  Once, one of the girls got angry at my friend and said something nasty and this made me terribly angry.
When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games with a friend.
When my mother interfered in my life.
When my father asked me if I was a communist, at the same time he made it clear that I should no longer see myself as his daughter.
When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to trample on his associates.  I have the misfortune to have one of my superiors in my course.
When my friend, as usual, forgot the tickets at home for a performance.  We missed it.
When I tried to explain to a plumber, face to face, that the toilet was broken and he did not believe it (it had been mended ten times).
When I read about Reagan's tactical decision concerning the South African boycott.
Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel.  I had been slightly irritated earlier.  At night when I was trying to sleep they were having a party so I went and yelled at them.  I wanted to sleep as I had to get up early the next day.
Recently when my sister, who is four years younger than me and very spoiled, shouted at my mother for no apparent reason .  The heart-broken expression on my mother's face made me feel very angry.
On the way home from Marstrand I was driving behind my father's car.  Another car tried to push in front of my father and he was forced to swerve and he thus collided the car with a pillar.  The other car drove off without even seeing what had happened.
In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these marks.
When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually and psychologically, despite the fact that many people looked up to him.  I understood that one could not trust him and I was forced to hide this for a while.
When after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the floor.
When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord.  The bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been using my phone, he seemed to have no intention of having his own phone reconnected.
[ After an examine I had been satisfied with.]
Jealous of my husband's old girlfriend.  We met her with her husband and there was a lot of reminiscing.
Exchange of points of view with my sister on a family matter.
At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper at a reduced price.  After queuing with screaming children; it turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one 16 roll packet to which the rebate applied.  The assistant said "You will have to get it another time."
An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team leader.
A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin and the sticks.  He did not repair them nor did he tell me about it.
When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me beacause of prejudice.
[ No response.]
[ No response.]
When the morning newspaper has not arrived.
When I argue with my boyfriend, I feel as though he feels superior to me.
When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any water for two days.
When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts and doom's day as official teaching.
In the student kitchen that we share, somebody drank from my juice pot (one litre) so that I only got one glass out of the whole pot.
I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours. For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very important for me.
I was watching TV with a friend. After the first film I wanted to watch another film on the same channel. My friend switched over to the other cannel without asking me what I wanted.
I moved to a flat. A friend who had lived there before, had left the flat in a terrible mess. I was very angry about that sloppiness and impudence.
A friend suggested in a round-about way that the reason we were late for something was because of me, and that I'm often late. I know this was partly true, but felt it unjustified that particular time and I felt I couldn't do  anything about it anyway (i.e. being late).
During a fight with my best friend.
At my father's treatment of my mother, at his disregard for her, and not being committed to her.
I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the car would ger towed away - he didn't listen and it was towed away. At that stage, our finances were below the poverty line & it cost us $10.00 - all the money we had to get us through that week (including rent).
Getting a terrible exam mark, which I couldn't understand the reason for, and trying to see a lecturer or tutor, but being given the runaround.
When a close relative is treated badly.
When my father's new fiancee treats me like a child.  She does not trust me and constantly misunderstands me.  I get particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend with whom she works.
My parents did not approve my choice of a boyfriend (now an ex-boyfriend).  He happened to be 13 years older than me and he was considered completely unsuitable for me.  IDIOT.
There was a sofa in my flat which belonged to the old tenants who were acquaintances.  It should have been picked up a year ago but they had postponed it.  Eventually they decided on one date and I stayed at home despite the fact that I had other things to do.  They did not come, nor did they call and they still have not got in touch with me.
A girl I was with went off with another guy.
[ No response.]
My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at home.
Quarrelled with my younger brother.
A lady I live with had not bothered to clean up before she went   on holiday (I live in a collective).
[ No response.]
The sight of a man who ran amok (fighting) at a dance.
With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the particular post.  I had more years of service than the male teacher, but this was not taken into consideration.  I could have been given a less attractive job if things had gone the way the headmaster wanted.
Someone didn't show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to come.
When I tried to put up a tent some years ago, I was teased and hindered by my cousin.
A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend, who was also drunk.
My mother and her friends were speaking badly about my father when they were separated, and my brothers and sisters and myself were allowed to listen.
I was accused of a misdemeanour, unjustly.
Meeting generally dominating persons in social occasions.
When my father phoned me to come home from my vacation, since he no longer had the time to look after my garden and animals.
When my car suddenly broke down !
Angry with my brother, who was making fun of me, teasing me.
Being subject to unfair treatment in a working group, someone "bending the rules" was protected by the boss. This resulted in more work for the others.
One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on problems. It was only a casual remark on her side, but I was angry and hurt.
I was subject to false accusations, and got very angry.
I felt unfairly treated at an airport, being told to use a different counter (for domestic traffic only).
When students in our working group showed no responsibility or interest in our work.
My nephew is a deaf and also "hyperactive" boy. I had been responsible for looking after him for a full day, and was very tired. Then he suddenly grabbed a knife and stabbed me in the leg. I got so angry that I didn't feel any pain.
A close friend first said he accepted an agreement, but later used that agreement as a reason for attacking me.
When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend, and he refused to let me go.
Having a fight with a class mate.
I get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me.
Being a spokesman for the union, I got into a quarrel with a colleague who had been acting disloyally over a sustained period of time.
When others let me down, fail to keep agreements.
I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then refilling with water.
When colliding with my car. I myself was to blame.
When my mother treats me as a 10-year old boy.
Having agreed to share the taxi expenses, three people in the back of the car just ran off, leaving the person up front with the entire bill.
Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain contract.
Receiving personal criticisms early in the morning.
Physical violence. A friend wouldn't listen to me I repeatedly tried to warn him, to no avail. Result: eight people were "pissed off".
In traffic I often get relatively angry with other drivers. Several transgressions make me mad, especially not yielding to priority traffic (e.g. coming from the right).
Having gone to school without learning anything, as usual.
Being slandered by friends.
Angry when our team (small boys) lost the county championship football final.
My father accused my brother of having bumped his car, and it was wrong.
I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister's divorce, we disagreed strongly.
A conflict with a pupil.
[ When I was treated unfairly, regardless of my motives or deeds.]
My fiancee and I were at my parent's place watching TV. There were  only two TV-chairs and we were sitting on them when my drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the chair she was sitting on.
When a girl left me.
While in the army, I was treated unfairly by my superiors.  I was held responsible for a deed of which I was innocent.
When stupid people push me during rush time in the city.
[ An unfair punishment.]
I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her, however she had not understood the situation the same way so she did not turn up.
When I learned that my brother had spoilt an LP of mine.
After having quarelled with a relative of mine about politics.
I was disappointed and angry at the bad quality of a documentay program on TV.  In my opinion, the topic was important and the program should have been made with seriousness and consideration.
When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language course and I could no longer catch up with the others.
I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected manner.
When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs, in the yard.
I had an appointment downtown, and the person in question was half an hour late.
I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine.  He was criticizing my earlier conduct towards him, which to my mind was unfounded.  When I reached home, I ran out of the taxi and slammed the door.
A person close to me mistook my good intentions for bad, and therefore associated unpleasant traits to me.
My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of others.  In fact, the task in question was not supposed to be done by me.
A relative of mine had come to see my husband to talk to him about a problem concerning his sister and me.  I was angry because this relative of mine did not dare to speak to me and instead spoke to my husband.  I got to know about it later the same day.
I am a school teacher.  One of the classes does not obey me at all, keeps on talking, does no work.  One afternoon, everything went wrong, and I got exceedingly angry.
My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something which was serious and a real burden to me.
On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the increasing threat of war with the USA.
When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been careless, thoughtless, lazy and hasty so as to make unnecessary mistakes concerning things I know and understand.
A member of a religious sect tried to convert me, using really evil tricks to persuade me.  After he had left, I was anxious and angry for a long time. After the event, I was alone.
My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of Social Sciences at the university of Helsinki.  I was not at all interested in any other place and had no time to study for other entrance exams.
When my room-mates were watching video-tapes and prevented me from watching the news.  The first feeling I had was that I was being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger.
My friends promised me that they would definitely call me to tell me if they were visiting me or not.
When a friend of mine was drawn into a fight because of the stupid gang he belonged to. I felt angry with him and his friends. They could not think about anything sensible, but would fool around without taking into consideration the feelings of other persons.
My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a good friend who, she thought, was not good company for me.  Finally, at breakfast one day, we had an argument and I tried to defend my friend.
My life-partner, who was drinking more and more, spoke about kicking the cat.  He had never done anything of the kind, but I knew that he would do so one day, without thinking about it.
A friend of mine ridiculed me, telling me that I would never accomplish anything. I felt that he had interfered with my life.
While having a discussion with my mother, I realized that she does not for a moment doubt the justification of her making the decisions concerning my life.
The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close to me.(blaming us and lying)
[ For example, unfair pushing in a bus.]
I was at home, filling my tax report.  Nobody had time to help me.  I would have liked to do it quickly so that I could go and meet a friend of mine who had just returned from hospital.  I got angry as both my brother and my father refused to give me their calculator as I had not asked for it nicely.  I could not leave as I had to wait for help and the tax report had to be done.
The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea.
My boy-friend came home late one night without having told me about it before.
When I heard that my step-mother had treated my mother in a wrong manner.
In a tram, the ticket seller was commanding, taking the role of a leader, trying to emphasize her non-existent authority with undue strictness towards a good-humoured drunk who could not find his ticket at once.
A male, Honduran acquaintance of mine despised my opinions.
During the Summer, at my workplace, a person kept interfering with my tasks and making unfounded remarks.  I felt hatred for him but it stopped when I realized that he just longed for attention.
When I quarelled with my parents.
A "higher status" colleague of mine despised my attitude and organization of work.
They had returned much less of my taxes than I had expected.
My parents put pressure on me to buy clothes, when I would not have liked to do so.
Disagreements with mother.  When I moved from KankaanpSS, she had promised to help me move but broke her promise because of some hindrance. 
I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me but did not because he spent the evening with his pals.
An utterance, which I had intended to be a joke, was taken as an offence.  In my opinion, this was stupid, and I got angry.
I got angry at a friend of mine whom I caught reading my notebook (almanach).
When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission first.
My brother told me that a person (whom I know) had insulted him.  I am very fond of my brother, and as he himself can not get angry or hurt, my protectiveness was aroused and I got angry.
When I saw a big man hit another one, and nobody did anything.
Without my permission, my son had made popcorn after coming back from school.  The consequences were a spoilt kettle and chaos in the kitchen but what could have happened with the hot grease ?
I was on vacation, and therefore I did not attend a meeting of the day care centre.  Nevertheless, the very day I came back they called me early morining to ask me "what are you going to do about the matter ?" (which had been discussed in the meeting).  Then I got angry.
One winter day I, unwillingly, was outdoors with my younger brother (10 years younger than me).  I lost my temper on him and wanted to throw my brother down the snow bank we were on.  I pushed him but not as hard as I had wanted to. We were alone the two of us.
A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a concert which I considered important.  He could not get them the way he thought he would, so he gave up the whole thing.
The last day of school is traditionally celebrated by singing a song about all the students who are leaving.  In the song about me, there were things which irritated me a lot.
I read in the newspaper that the Student Lodging Fund was going to build new appartments for refugees (in my opinion this is the state's affair).  This is when only a fractoin of the students can find an appartment.
While playing a ball game, I was just about to make a goal when I was thrown off my feet, and I failed to score the goal.
When I came for the lesson, it was cancelled and I had to fill in a questionnaire instead.
My girlfriend started singing (she cannot sing) and did not stop despite my asking her to do so.
New Year's Eve party in the country, I hardly knew a person; my partner spent most of the time at the bar. I had little opportunity to get to know people because our table was separated and my boyfriend's parents were present.
At the weekend I wanted to be absent from school because of a sports event, but my teacher refused to give me the day off because he didn't like me.
I had a quarrel with my parents; I was convinced to be right.
I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party; at the moment I wanted to leave, my father said I couldn't go because he needed me for some work in the afternoon.
I wanted to see a friend, I had been looking forward to it and had certain expectations, but he did not pay any attention to me, played cards with other people.
Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something. He never said "please" or "thank you" or any other kind word.
When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while under the influence of alcool.
A colleague asked me to study with her. I could not explain things as perfectly as she had expected. So she reacted in an aggressive manner.
When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a chair.
I helped my little sister (13 years) learning mathematics. Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and started to cry. I grew angry.
A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an hour before the appointed time, I had just lied down and did not want to go because it was too late anyway. She said that I only was talking about looking for work, but if it was possible I would not accept it. I was angry about this unjust judgment.
A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town. Next morning I expected her but she didn't arrive. As I got impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment to be able to see her.
At the hairdresser's, I got two stains of dyestuff on my new trousers. These stains are not removable, so I cannot put on the trousers again.
A friend who shares the room with me, opened the window in the morning and left the room the whole day. When I came home in the evening, the room was so cold that I couldn't stay there.
I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some silly information - as I realized myself afterwards - and the inquiry  clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner.
I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had caused. A third person meddled in our conversation, turned my efforts to ridicule so that I did not succeed in what I had intended.
I went singing with a group of young people on January 6th (The three Magi), a local custom called "star singing". One of the girls, my girlfriend, broke the star. Being the accompanying person, I felt very angry thinking of the consequences.
During a lecture, a colleague who did not know anything about the subject, got on my nerves asking silly questions.
During the Christmas holdidays I wanted to invite my brother, his girlfriend and their child for dinner. When I said to my brother's girlfriend that I would like them to come at my place for dinner, she refused and never mentioned it again as if I had never asked her.
After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to relax. My father wanted to take a bath first and when he had finished after an hour, there was no hot water left for me.
My mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child. I said mean things. I was unable to defend myself adequately.
It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat to them.
At the end of my holiday job I got less money than was due to me and nobody mentioned anything about that.
I share my small flat with my friend. On her birthday we could not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the University all day. In the evening I left a lecture before it finished to be able to buy flowers for her. When I was at home she called me to tell me that she would stay the night with her boyfriend.
One day, when riding on a bicycle path, a car coming from the opposite direction forced me to get off my bike although I had the priority.
I was in "Hainburg" in December and I was angry about the politicians and the police.
I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking place, because I wanted to park my car there. Because of uncoming traffic I had to wait for a short time - another driver placed his car on the place.
I was angry about several drivers who showed an aggressive and dangerous driving habit.
When I was house-hunting: Another person got a flat that I would have liked, too, because he heaped a floot of words on the letter.
When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been told likes me (by his brother and even by himself) however he avoids any confrontation, and is vague.
My feelings towards would-be in-laws for their participation in recent broken relationship.
When boyfriend lied to me.
People hunting animals.
At school, a couple of years ago, a so-called acquaintance told lies about me to a teacher I was told about it by friends who overheard the conversation.
When I was dismissed unjustly from the firm where I worked, because there where persons that didn't have problems, and wouldn't miss in the jobs they occupied if they were dismissed.
When I talked with a teacher yesterday who, to say the least, was rude and unwise and had irrelevant opinions about a friend.
When in a difficult moment I couldn't express myself correctly and my thought came out with distortions bringing about highly negative and distorted results.
I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball offending her relatives.
My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from English into German. But the day I needed her she told me that she was busy - I was very angry.
As I usually do not start learning until a short time before an examination,, I once made up my mind to try to work for a longer time. But once again I did not do it - and got a bad mark.
When I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher.
A friend was unpunctual, we wanted to prepare ourselves for an examination.
When we still attended school, my brother and I usually went to see our aunt and to show her our term's report. She rewarded us with money. Although my reports were as good as my brother's, he got more money.
I had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well. He threatened to call the police if I did not pay 500 Shillings.
I had arranged with a friend to go with him to Carinthia by car. We had arranged a place where to meet. I was a bit late and my friend had left already. I had no money to go by train. I nearly started to cry because I was so angry - it was very important for me to go to Carinthia.
At an examination I got a bad mark just because of a small mistake. When I went to the lector and wanted to talk about that, he did not listen to me but sent me away.
When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead of listening, I become angry.
I was very hungry and just wanted to start eating when a friend called me who usually talks for a long time. I was angry because I was prevented from eating.
A friend had promised to call me at a certain time. I expected his call impatiently but in vain.
I had studied for almost one week for my physics-examination. With difficulty I passed the examn. I was angry about the teacher and also about myself because I had not remembered enough during the examn and because the time that I spent studying was wasted.
I had got a bad cold. My father said I must be crazy to go by motorbike at those temperatures. When I answered him that I did not care about a cold, he said that if I did not care for anything I could leave him (it was for the second time he said something like that).
My parents are divorced, father pays alimony for me. Two years ago my sister who lives with father, suddenly asked mother for money. As she considered the amount of money my mother offered her too small, she brought an action against mother. I was terribly angry with my sister.
A man treated his dog very badly - he insulted and beated him until the dog kept lying on the floor with his tail drawn in.
When I come home in the evening, the first thing I do is to sit down and smoke a cigarette. One day I found the flat in a totally desolate state. My girl-friend had wanted to tidy up but had not finished.
I was angry about how the government acted concerning Hainburg, especially when I saw a discussion about it on TV.
Once when I was playing table tennis I was already sure that I would win , but at last I lost the game.
A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern (because of an occurence that had happened some time ago). When I heard about that I was very angry.
A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking. I am always angry about that, because it is an unnecessary luxury. Recently we both were cooking and he wanted to use butter again. When I had already put the oil into the pan, he poured it out again and put the butter into the pan.
I had not eaten anything for 2 days to be able to pay the fine for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent one thousand shillings in the restaurant during the same time.
I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure. I was watching the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed for it. He said he would not pay for the current that it would require.
When I played in a chess championship, I was disturbed by other people. I asked them to be quiet, but in vain.
I have a very big family. At my grandmother's funeral we all met and everybody pretended mourning. In reality it was like a fashion-show: everybody wanted to show himself.
When my mother kept me in leading-strings.
My girl-friend did not understand me; I was angry with myself because I had problems when we seperated - I could not resign myself to it.
I had an accident with damage to the car body.
I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room, although they had behaved in a friendly way when I was present.
My boy-friend had promised me to come home at about 10 p.m. He did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol.
A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important for my work, but she forgot it.
At an office an application that I had made was turned down because of a scrupulous interpretation of the rules.
I was angry when I watched a ski-race. All the Austrian skiers dropped out.
My father had bought too many goods for his shop, there was not enough space to store them.
My boy-friend had promised me to come an 10 a.m. - he was 3 hours late.
I played chess with my 12-year-old brother. I made a stupid mistake - and he won!
A friend had promised me to give me a lift to Graz. To be sure I called her before we went. She told me that she had just promised another person to give him a lift.
Boyfriend "chatting up" another girl.
Heated discussion with spouse concerning new house.
A friend whom I had gone out of my way to do something for did not bother to acknowledge my efforts, and treated me badly thereafter.
Being stopped by the police for a traffic offence which I don't think I committed.
A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath outside my house. Although it had happened before, this was the first time I had witnessed it. All the skills I had learnt from PY 263 were thrown out the window when his indifference to my protestation was obvious to me.
When the person I am going out with let me down in a situation that I was depending on them, and didn't show respect or care.
At one of my close friends saying she didn't like the way I am nice to people I don't know, or who have been nasty to me.
As for disgust.
Anger towards my lover for being late.
I had been having a heated argument with a lover - whose intention was that we should marry in the near future - and was rejected by her when I started to cry. When I stopped crying for a moment she said "There, have you got it all out now ?".
The mother of a person with whom we had been sharing a housing accused me of trying to rip her off over payment of bills in the house. 
Anger with boyfriend's best friend for alienating me and blaming me for personality changes in my boyfriend and changes in my boyfriend's attitude to him and his obvious egoistical attitude himself in doing so. I also lost one of my best friends - his girlfriend.
I was enjoying the company of bird life while I was eating lunch in a park when a group of people began throwing sticks at some of the birds - for no reason other than the satisfaction of seeing them being scared away.
I was at the corner shop, which I patronise regularly I had only a $ 50 note and I purchased about $ 3 worth of goods that I really needed - the keeper made sarcastic remarks to others about people using him to cash notes.
When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by co-owners out of pure selfishness.
I walked in on a teenage patient of mine (I work in a hospital) as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed money from my purse.
Not being alowed on a school camp with the class I'd been in for 11 years (I had stayed down due to illness)
Last night - finding that someone in the house had eaten an entire packet of almonds I had bought for a family treat.
Finding that a subordinate at work was still not willing to cooperate after discussions to try and resolve an attitude problem.
Following an argument with my brother, he broke my golf clubs.
At school when I had a shouting argument with a friend over my ability to carry out a particular duty in the correct way without harming her.
Doing a group assignment and being left to do all the work and take the blame for any mistakes.
Brother provoked anger. It was when mother and father were away and we had to look after ourselves. He accused me of being selfish and a snob.
When my mother and father split up I was angry: I felt deprived and "different" from other children at school.
At a school dance when my supposed "best friend" kept walking away from me whenever I came near her.
A person ignored my advice, did not pay any attention to what was saying. She acted as though I wasn't even there. We were doing group work so everybody had the right to speak yet she just ignored me. She made me feel insignificant.
At the hardware store, trying to convert Imperial to Metric measurements, I made a mistake, and didn't buy enough tiles for the bathroom. I was angry at myself, because I hope to be a Maths teacher.
Going away for the weekend, leaving my College room open - when I returned several friends had had a party there, leaving the mess.
When I received the mark well above requirements for the course I wanted to enter, yet I was not accepted - anger at the injustice of it, because I didn't receive early release of H.S.C. marks.
In a situation whereby a friend's actions were deliberately against my wishes and (with) no regard to my feelings.
When a friend wouldn't speak to me and wouldn't tell me why.
When I was accused of "bitching" about best friend.
When I was put into a tennis team below my standard.
When my sister lost my favourite jumper at a party and failed to tell me for several days after it happened.
While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong that I didn't do. I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and got Saturday morning detention along with a few other kids, but they didn't show up.
Getting terrible meals, but paying heaps for them.
My younger brother and I had been fighting over the TV/Video. He kept on turning it on and off every 2 seconds and was not listening to my authority and was being cheeky. We fought and I ended up in tears - he'd won.
Can't remember exact example.
When I was left by the person I loved without any reason.
I feel it when I see that somebody is traying to made a stupid of me.
I was with my girlfriend when some guys that I don't like made fuss at my girl.
When an unknown person provoked me verbaly and physically.
I learned that my girlfriend had been unjustly missed from work.
I was indignant at the unimpartiality shown by the referees at the football match between Bulgaria and France.
When I talk to silly, petty-minded and unmanageable people.
My grandfather's funeral.
An unjust calumny concerning me.
With self at losing an important game that I should have won.
I was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth persisted in trying to dominate the conversation.
As a child - about 8 years old - walking across a paddock - being set upon by another boy who claimed it was "his land" - being intimidated by the boy - crying, being punched, etc.
I was informed by my flatmate that, when we'd moved into our flat, she'd expected us to buy our food separetely - this event actually happened some 5 months after our sharing began. Prior to this, she had said nothing.
When my brothers were being cruel to my boyfriend, because his flat-mate bent back one of my brother's fingers. It wasn't his fault.
My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my boyfriend, whether I wasn't treating him as unfairly as I claimed he'd been treating me. As a result, I was angered, and became defensive.
Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth. They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for twelve weeks - due to this, I felt weak and emotional, and they said I needed psychiatric treatment and give me no support.
My ex-boyfriend began to date my best friend. After they had been seeing each other, I found out that he had been sleeping with another girl, without my friend knowing, I told my friend what he had been doing behind her back.
After seeing an "uncertain" child work on a model for several hours, I watched a "bully" of the same age destroy it, telling the child that it was worthless.
When a so-called friend let me down, when she promised to tell me when a certain concert was occurring, and that she'd get me tickets. I was really looking forward to it. She did nothing, just told me out of the blue one day what a fantastic concert it was going to be.
One day in a crossroad somebody crashed my car. I got out and this person laughed at me. I felt such a great anger that I got in my car and went away.
When one teacher unjustly gave me zero in a test saying that I was cribbing.
I went to the school library and asked for a book, but the librarian told me that there wasn't such. However when an other colleague asked for it she gave it to him.
I feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something.
When they changed my office to another room without my agreement.
This feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in G.V. (University) and I didn't.
I felt anger when I had a fight with my father, and he beated me. My mother came to help me (because I was beeing beated) and he also beated my mother.
I feel anger when things don't come out as I wish.
When they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional level.
When they stole my dark blue tennis.
I felt anger of a friend when she met "a date" and become nervous and pest as she always gets when she meets him.
I'm crazy about football. When my team lost a goal in the Paulist championship, and so it lost the classifications.
About the car (sadness) I felt anger the way I acted after negotiating it.
Nearby the end of the year my wife and I were having a car ride, when it appears another vehicle, driven by a drunk driver and provokes an accident.
The fact that I hadn't been informed about something and I had the greatest trust in this person.
When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job and he didn't care, didn't answer me, leaving me speaking alone.
When a person is privileged in account of situations that are unjust, and disloyal to colleagues and friends.
Once in my work it happened a fight between the person in charge and me. I got so angry and spoke out everything I felt at the moment.
When my boss cut off my vacations saying that in that month it wouldn't be possible, and after some time he let another girl take vacations that month. The anger was because of the resentment. Resulting from our bad relationship.
When my mother slapped me in the face, I felt anger at that moment.
When I was robbed in a bus.
One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because she asked it. I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it. Next day I looked at the tennis, and it was dirty with wax. She could not have soiled it. It was lack of consideration. I felt very angry.
In certain occasion I have a fight with my boyfriend. During the fight I closed the door at his face. He went away but came back next day.
My mother in law slept in my bed.
In the last year of the high school we had a huge fight between my group and the graduation commission (two students of my classroom) because they accused us unjustly of a gossip about them.
When a boy tried to fool me so he would be OK trying to show me that he is a gook boy.
I loved a person and he went away. It wasn't necessary that he left me to reach his goals.
My mother was ill and asked me to prpare our lunch. I went to do it, and while I was working, she stayed behind me telling what I had, or not to do. I asked her to stop meddling, and to go to bed. When I went to ask for help to my sister, my mother said that I was proud, that I asked for help only when I wanted and that I wasn't able to cook by myself.
A girl entered in the division where I work and greeted everybody but not me.
When my chief accused me of an error that I hadn't made.
I don't use to lie to my parets about what I do, and the two times that I felt anger were when they doubted me I said that I was going to the club, and they didn't believe me because the day before they had met me at FLIPERAMA. I had the wish to kill them.
When I was misleaded by a person who assured that something would not occur, that I had no reason to prepccupy myself, and suddenly I saw myself implicated by the fact, because of the incompetence, and irresponsibility of that person.
I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my boyfriend, he went out with other girls. I felt anger for his falsity.
When my sister took something that belonged to me without my permission.
When I realized that the person I was courting hadn't been really by my side for a long time already. He had deceived me and I let him deceive me.
I felt much anger and perhaps I feel it till now, against my girlfriend's sister who incited her to betray me just when I needed her very much. She didn't think of anything, simply passed over everything.
Without the employer's knowledge and even without any communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal accounts closed.
A ex-boyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fiancT and his family saying things about me that let his family worried. We had to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding rings. To be honest I didn't feel just anger, I felt hate.
When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adored, and returned it dirty with grease.
My grandmother is a highly authoritative person, who lives alone, is independent, but doesn't know to live without commanding the others. I hate this!
When I had a serious argument with a dear person.
Discussion with my mother about the way to educate my children. I felt anger against my mother.
And she said absurd things, false things that filled my ears and inflated my head which seemed to be caught in a carcass where the heart wanted to explode and where the arm wanted to knock down the world.
I felt much anger when my fahter interferred in my relations with another person whom I liked very much, ending something that I adored.
When a colleague was rude with me because she didn't understand the subject about which I was discussing.
I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my absence.
I was on a farm with a few friends and during the talk I discovered that a friend of mine, was being betrayed by her boyfriend and a 3rd friend of ours.
When I left after the examination to enter the University, and even though I had studied the whole year I made a bad exam. 
In the University we were convoked to a stroll like a freshman I was still innocent about the manipulation. On seeing the goal of the exaltation to poor character people, I felt anger on feeling myself mass of maneuver.
Discussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and that perosn was negative and pessimistic.
I was waiting to receive the participation on the profits and did not receive it.
Once, during a performance I did not sing the way I had to.
I was angry when my abilities of a singer were underestimated.
At a certain situation I felt myself neglected and undeservedly harmed.
I feel anger when I see a "parent" beating and punishing his child in the street. Recently I was a withness of a similar case.
My brother accused me undeservedly before my parents. I was not guilty. He was misled by his wife.
Someone stole my ski at Vitosha and of course I was the one to be blamed. I left them without supervision.
A shop-assistant behaved rather roughly with me though she hadn't the slightest grounds for it.
When my mother decided to clean out my room and throw out what she thought was junk, without my knowing about it, so I returned home to find half my stuff gone.
When playing a football match, there was one player who made mean tackels, kicked at everything and did things having nothing to do with football.
I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in acting. He hadn't learnt the text of an opera act in the course of several months and thus making difficulties for the rest of my colleagues.
I felt it on the same occasion when I felt sadness which finally grew into anger.
I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations in a strong snowstorm. As a result I still cannot repair my car because of the missing spare parts.
A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival. The instructor of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us. We decided to catch the train that leaved early in the morning because we had business on the following day. The instructor tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite of everything, all the time he made me angry.
When my friend (girl) promised to help me go to the hospital and be examined by good experts and she deceived me.
When you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have been right.
They wanted something to happen but I didn't.
I shared a secret with a friend and it later turned out that he had revealed it to another person with whom I didn't get along very well.
I get angry with people who attain certain status without deserving it, only with the support, authority and influence of other people.
I experience that feeling when I am unsulted without deserving it or when someone deceives me.
I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can do, naturally negative. Servility, "connections", impudence, traits that get me mad.
I have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame.
When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in revenge for this he detailed me on duty two successive nights. Naturally he checked me up on the second night and found me asleep for which he sent me to the cells.
Teenage neighbours smashed my letterbox for the fifth time in a couple of months. It was a deliberate action of kids who had stayed in my home, had meals there yet took a dislike to my daughter. 
I've a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of being late, came late again after promising to say he would be at work in a few minutes, then arrived 3 hours later. He had been drinking.
A friend got angry and drove "like a lunatic" with me and others in his car. I was angry about his dangerous driving.
In the house where I live there is a new flatmate. His friends unfortunately are the dirt of society, intelligent, fashonable, rich and bored. At a party recently they were doing things I didn't like done in my house. I felt angry at them.
When, for example, I was not approved to continue my studies at the Moscow University, no matter that I had the highest marks and in general the best records of all the candidates.
I haven't often felt this feeling. Once someone stole my garment.
Attitude to some manners of dealing and some "sanctioned" relations.
A close person lied to me.
Unjust punishment of a friend of mine.
At an unjust, or to be more precise, at a bureaucratic treatment of one's personality.
Anger I felt when my boyfriend told me he didn't mind breaking it off with me, i.e. each of us to take his own road. Because until that moment, he deliberately restricted our dates. The motives were brought to my knowledge later.
In a conversation my boyfriend expressed definite and quite pretentious opinions and he took up an attitude towards a theory which he himself had never known. His information was from fortuitous sources.
I feel this feeling when I am to fill in a questionnaire or a form.
Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to me, what I was the witness of, caused anger in me.
The doctors from Belogradchik town determined a wrong diagnosis to my son. A month later, after some complex examinations at ISUL (A medical institute in Sofia), the diagnosis was categorically rejected.
When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because of indifference or cowardice.
When someone lies to me.
It was quite recently, at the football match between the national teams of Bulgaria and France. I felt strong anger with the Scottish referee who ran the match quite partially.
A friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he didn't come.
I was neglected undeservedly.
About a month ago the Regional Council refused to pay my wife the due maternity benefit, because of bureaucratic reasons.
When I encountered not only with my father's lack of understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as a parent, as far as things for which I (not he) have proves to be right are concerned.
I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times. Last time was the height of impudence. He promised he would come home but he didn't. I felt a sense of anger and insult.
At an undeserved attitude toward a man, when human personality is not treated decently.
I feel a strong anger when I am treated unjustly.
My husband and I were invited at the house of our nieghbours then we got an invitation on the part of my parents which we had to refuse. A a result they called me by words that provoked my anger.
A honest "sliding" on the part of a girlfriend of mine. Terribly crossed I started breaking things and tearing books.
I was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic ordinance. In fact I was innocent.
When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste my time. Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological investigation and then I got really angry.
I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grant, since then I don't have much confidence in myself at an exam.
I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent words.
I got angry with a stranger in a train who behaved impertinently and immorally
I always get angry when somebody deceives me, or tries to conceal his lie skilfully and this offends me even more.
With the girl whom I may be loved truly. When she refused to come with me to an occasion (she was from another town).
I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face. I got angry with the fact that she knew I didn't believe her but she kept on telling lies.
When my husband stays late at a meeting and I have to be alone.
I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for the term examinations.
A chief was unjustly punished on an autumn brigade and the one who was really guilty kept silent. I stepped in front and told the truth. The guilty chief called me in after the roll-call and threatened me.
My grandmother's brother had taken active part in the resistance movement. He had been in prison many times and there he lost his health. He became an invalid. When we phoned to First Aid the nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old he was (79).
I suffered from a gynaecological illness. I was quite displeased to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had misrepresented the truth. I felt deeply hurt when I learned that it was done by a "good" acquaintance of mine.
I confronted with this feeling at the Institute quite recently, the pedology lecturer was the cause.
When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk.
I feel angry at people's indifference at our ability to be present at an event and to stay partial to what happens.
It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned out that there was no audience at all because everyone had pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got furious.
When my bosom friend tried to lie to me.
I felt anger at my last exam, I felt angry with our teacher, because he did not rate me objectively and I failed.
I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a few things and I did not deserve to be plucked.
That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal marks.
I faced this feeling when I realized I wasn't admitted to the institute in the first classifying, in spite of the high mark I had got at the entrance examination.
A nuisance used to live in our flat a month ago. I experienced this feeling when I tried to chase her out.
I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and anger.
When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated teacher and a man, slapped a classmate of mine in the face quite undeservedly.
The breakup of a relationship. After the event I was upset/sad then angry maybe 2/3 weeks later.
When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he knows needs doing.
In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of society for exploiting the Polynesian people, dawn raids by Police (Martin Luther King, Blacks in S.A.). But this was just a reflection of my own shortcomings.
A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not as neat/tidy as in the past. I'd not seen her a year - She implied I'd gone to the pack (I'd only been working full time, and taking 3 University exams part time).
A shop in Downtown wouldn't accept my Visa Card - before December last year.
When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving. We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the time.
My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his own life for the next 6-12 months, then told me the day before it was about to happen having been tolerant and friendly for the preceding week.
This situation keeps occurring - when my little sister disagrees with me or vice-versa. We have very similar temperaments and I always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so much over unimportant trivial matters.
Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls can't be bothered or just forget - I usually have to fill in.
When my boyfriend wouldn't dance with me on my graduation night because he thought I could dance with my friends who were friendly.
Never really had the experience just yet - N/A.
When present boyfriend's mother approached my parents and self - to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future daughter-in-law.
(1) My father died. (2) My natural father contacted me a year after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he should be dead and not my father.
When a man, a stranger to me, personally insulted a close woman friend of mine in public.
My anger is with men, their inability to be human (not all men).
Someone in my family (my brother I suspected) ate a bun which I had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer.
I live by myself and a few weeks ago was woke by a man on the end of my bed coming up my bed at me. I was really angry, told him to get out. He was surprised, hesitated; I started to move towards him and he backed off - kept telling him - loudly, but firmly to go. Because I'd got the initiative, I succeeded. A very powerful message.
When during a social evening with my father, brother, sister, close friend and my father's 2nd wife - I had an argument with my father, who abused my friend who was sticking up for me.
That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and the person that did it got away without any punishment from the law.
When bicycling along, a courier van started to tail me very close - I sped up and moved over and he just did the same. I reacted violently, much physical responding in the dangerous situation.
Deliberately provoked by someone close. Angered by the deliberation not the provocation.
When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldn't be able to live up to my own expectations.
Landlord putting up rents sneakly and slimily.
I was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly disregarded.
My sister and I were fighting as usual. She's older tham I am, bigger built and stronger I couldn't win in a physical battle and in a verbal battle I couldn't seem to get through to her to really hurt her.
At school teacher for not allowing us to go out on New Year's Eve when on a class trip overseas.
Once a person in authority (school teacher) was telling blatant lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend myself. She was also telling lies about other members of my family.
I visited a special education school. The headmaster applied a policy of strict positive - negative reinforcement to the children involved. Children who measured up to his standards were made a fuss of - children who didn't were ignored.
At work being shifted to another area.
Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of traffic lights.
Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no dinner prepared as I had expected.
Friend (male) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend the entire evening.
When the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop.
My boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead.
In a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start.
When fired unjustly from a job as casual bar-person. Charged with giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove it - both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive.
Towards wife's laziness in not performing her usual duties because of television watching.
NO RESPONSE.
My parents didn't allow me to go to a social function that all my friends were attending.
In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of view is completely disregarded.
When at very short notice I agreed to work in place of a friend who was sick, and owner of the restaurant refused to allow me a drink later in the evening (which is usually always available for workers), did not thank me, and was generally indifferent towards me - I felt I did not deserve this.
I "cooked" the engine in my father's car - it was actually his fault because he hadn't fixed the temperature gauge or told me. When I finally got home I was absolutely screamed at and the anger I experienced was over the injustice of it all plus the huge row which developed.
My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing and went out with him herself.
When someone ignores what I am saying or doesn't let me have my point of view and they monopolise a conversation.
As in sadness (A), relating to this slaghter of fur-seals.
Stopped at a Fast Food shop with friends and a few locals wanted to fight us for no apparent reason. They hit and picked on one of my friends.
Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money stolen.
I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held by our family - ours is the 5th generation. A "democratic" decision was made to stap-bank an area of mangroves.
Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the telephone.
When my girlfriend of two years told me it was all over.
When my flatmate put me down because she "thought" she was better than me, or she felt she was.
I lent a text-book to a person I did not know very well, they lost the text-book and gave me no compensation.
When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements on him.
Most recently when the chairman at the New Zeeland Rugby Union announced that the All Blacks' would accept the invitation of South Africa to play rugby in that country.
In a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions as negative. We however only posed several questions which she couldn't answer.
A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while the chair was still empty, I asked him if I could use the chair, he didn't agree for the chair was for his coat.
The landlord had selected a new lodger on her own, while we used to do that it was not what she had done, but how she did it that made me angry.
When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to listen to me.
A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our relationship finished, mainly because she was not honest. I was very angry about that.
When my mother told things to my sister, which I told my mother in confindence.
I had to unscrew something on my car. I didn't succeed after two afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself.
I had an appointment with someone at a certain time. The other person didn't appear.
When my friends left without waiting for me, after we had arranged to go out together.
At having an argument with a stranger, in the street.
One day, when I was a child, my grandmother shut me up in a room.
An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to spend spare time were disapproved.
When the Real Madrid football team lost against the inter in the U.E.F.A cup.
We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much noise. When I was studying I couldn't concentrate and got angry.
My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked, so I couldn't play them again.
If they force me to eat something I don't like. For example, my parents always twaddle and whine, when I don't eat all the food.
Someone who always took care for the key of the sportshall stayed away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had happened.
I am a teacher in arts and crafts (boys from 15-16 years). for them it is obligatory and they dislike it. They tease me. When one of them cut up some material I flared up.
I work for a journal. Once the lay-out came to nothing, due to thoughtlessness of some colleagues.
I invited two friends. We should go out together. Those two girls kept talking about boys, chatting up etc. I bacame sick of it.
I was sleeping nicely until in the middle of the night when I became awake because a friend called me for some (in my opinion) nonsens reason.
When my father took away my cherised diaries to burn them (I was also very sad) "Oh, how I hated him".
A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very unreasonable things about me, that hit me strongly.
When the coach of our team degraded me to the second team.
When anybody wants to make me feel guilty. For example: I should do something for my mother, but things didn't go as she hoped. Then she threatens: I'll do it myself.
While playing indoor-hockey, there always is an older man who frequently and intentionally plays the ball out of the field. In my opinion this is very childish, because we play for fun only.
When, late at night, I discovered that they had stolen my bike.
When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee and I refuse to give him this.
My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my birthday he forgot he promised this to me.
My bicycle was demolished.
Last year I had a friend visiting me for several days. The only thing he did was sleeping, drinking, taking pills and thinking only about himself.
My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at night and in the weekend. In addition, she is very busy doing several things. So we don't see each other often.
My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they said nothing, but if I had had a bad grade they would have become very angry.
When talking with my sister, she often ventilates prejudices, which my father also adheres.
When I arranged our holiday in Paris, and my girlfriend raised criticisms all the time.
I suffer from a disease of my muscles. Therefore, I am only able to attend lectures for half a day. So, sometimes I miss obligatory lectures. However, the teachers do not take into account my disease, and punish me with detention work, resulting in an overload.
When a pick-pocket robbed me of my money (K20) while I  was buying bathing soap.
In 1983 a sadist provoked my sister in my presence.  He tried to force my sister into accompanying him to his place, but my sister did not agree and so she was kicked and she fell down.  There was a fight.
When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me.
My younger brother destroyed and gave away some of the books that I had intended to keep for as long as possible.
When some seniors tried to scold and insult some juniors on account of what the juniors were supposed to have said at secondary school.
Meddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live. She thinks I am to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the night.
A friend came to visit me late one night. He promised to stay only a quarter of an hour, but he stayed 5 hours !! He didn't leave and I was very angry.
During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This led to friction in a lot of situations.
When a teacher tells a story which isn't true. It only reflects his way of interpreting reality.
