I feel guilty when when I realize that I consider material things more important than caring for my relatives.  I feel very self-centered.
When I think that I do not study enough.  After the weekend I think that I should have been able to have accomplished something during that time.
When one has neglected or been unjust to a good friend.
[ When excuses are necessary and I get out of doing it myself.]
I experience a sense of guilt as my middle son cannot express himself like other children, neither verbally nor in writing.
When I am in an environment or with a person much worse off than me, I realize how privileged I am.
When one lets friends down
At my Summer job a new caretaker had been employed who was my age  but I preferred going out for lunch with the accounts personnel rather than with him.
I was the reason behind the break-up of my friend's relationship with his girlfriend.  She finished with him.
I hapened to overhear something which I was not meant to hear.
When I complained about a colleague to the manager and he told her that someone had complained; this colleague came to me believing that I liked her.
I do not help out enough at home.
When I was young - 14, I pinched from a store and was caught.  The store then contacted my parents.
When I spanked a child in anger and later regretted it terribly.
When I realized that I had three more examinations to take.
When I am dishonest to a friend to whom I am very close.  I feel guilty because I know that he gives a different version of the truth and I have not corrected these mistakes, and he is aware that I know that they are wrong.
When my father and I worked on the house just after he had recovered from illness, I was rather lazy.  This meant that he had to work hard and was not very well later.
I got angry at my mother for something trivial.  We were in a bad mood because my father was very ill and I knew that my mother really needed support.  I had reacted wrongly.
Due to laziness, I failed the term studies completely at University.  I also wanted, to some extent, to protest against my parents' expectations.
I experience feelings of guilt because I do not study enough.
Having been angry and unpleasant towards my parents.
Before an accident, my aunt offered me the front seat of the car, next to the driver. I declined, she took that seat and was killed there when the car crashed.
Little contact with my father before he died.
I made a remark to my sister concerning her attitude to men, the way she talked and I compared her to an acquaintance of mine.  Later, the same evening, my sister looked sad.  I felt guilty about her sadness.
Our association had Polish visitors and when they were going back by boat I did not go to see them off (I am the chairman of the association).
I had told my boyfriend that I did not want to go on with our relationship.  I knew that I was important to him but I wanted to be free.  I saw that this was difficult for him but I remained firm and did not change my mind.
At my temporary job, I have to restrict  others' actions and make them obey me, and this very often gives me  a feeling of guilt.  I wish there could be some other way of acting.
Forced to fill in a questionnaire.
I saw a neighbour, from the same appartment block as me, lying    on the road.  He could have been injured or ill.  I kept 20 metres away and did not go to help him.
[ Can not think of anything just now.]
I do not have the time for other people's problems.  My mother-in-law is sometimes depressed and I do not have the time, the desire or the strength to help.
The time that I had to put my dog to sleep.
I do not study enough as I do not understand it properly.
I had lunch with my ex-boyfriend and did not mention it to my fiancee.  I felt guilty despite the fact that I felt nothing for my ex-boyfriend.
When I was fined for speeding.
When I feigned sick leave from work.
By mistake I took a book from the library which was not supposed to be loaned out.
I spoke to my mother on the phone.  She had skin cancer and was waiting to be operated.  I forgot to ask her the date of the operation and just before finishing our conversation she gave me the date in passing. 
I was unfaithful to my partner once when he was working abroad for a long period.
When I broke off with my boyfriend after three years.  It was quite unexpected for him and there was no particular reason for the break up, such as someone else.
I have chosen to put my son in a private school were the examination marks are low.  Every time that he gives me his term results I am left with a sense of guilt.
I arrived an hour late for an important meeting ( I had misunderstood the time).
When I lost something that was valuable to my sister.
I stole a coconut cake from a reception table and when I put in my mouth I realized that the host was watching me.
As the only person in my family into academics, I ought to have looked after my younger (and only) sister better, with respect to her education and life experiences.
As I could not be home before midnight I called home at 11.30 and asked them to leave the door open so that I could get in.  I actually woke up the whole family by calling them so late.  My mother could not go back to sleep, besides she had a conference   the next day and really needed to sleep.
When one of my parents insinuates something about the other (they are divorced).
When I demand too much from my friends.
When my husband talked about the restrictions he will have to accept in his life to make our marriage work.  I felt that it was directed at me as it was me who had demanded the changes.  We were with a marriage counsellor then.
Not speaking to my sister-in-law due to lack of interest in a relationship on my side.
[ No answer as I see very little difference between shame and guilt.  Therefore see answer for "shame".]
When I decided to take a week s holiday without consulting the family first.
I had promised to visit my girlfriend but for different reasons could not make it.  I rang up later to tell her that I could not come.
When I stole money from my mother and she asked me later if I was responsible.  I never admitted it.
When ,due to hunger and tiredness, I became generally irritated with my fiancee and made cutting remarks which really hurt him.  Later I realized that my unfounded irritation had hurt the person I love most on earth.
I was 4-5 years old when I hid the bicycle keys of a not very good friend.  After a few hours I pretended that I had found it.
Many years ago a friend wanted me to with her to southern Europe and I preferred to travel alone.  I felt guilty because I wanted to go on my own.
When as a 7 year old, I stole money from my mother.
When I was forced to decline the invitation to my mother's 70th birthday because of my work committments in another area.
When I "hated" one of mmy flatmates who was nice to me.
Not doing something I had promised.
When my middle child became very difficult to handle after the birth of his baby brother and I did not have any patience with him.
At work a boy was injured because of my lack of supervision.
I get irritated with my son when he screams or is sick all over his clean clothes.
When I splashed a child by not slowing down while driving through a puddle of water.
When I was face to face with my deceived friend after sleeping with his wife.
When I pulled a chair from under someone at kindergarten and he hit his head.
When I argue with my sister.  It feels sometimes that I have the upper hand and I use it.  I often argue better and this makes her terribly angry.
I have a two-month old baby.  When I came here, to the university, to attend lectures, I had to leave the baby with his father.  I felt guilty.
I stole carrots and got caught.  I had to apologize to the owner.
I ate a Runeberg's cake, though I knew that I would immediately put on a kilo.
I had to decline an appointment which had been very important for the other person. For this reason we even got into trouble.
I had told a person unpleasant things in a bad manner. He was very depressed and caused an accident.
I had a quarrel with near persons. I said many ill-considered things and I regretted it when it was to late.
Meeting a male friend with whose wife I was having an affair.
I had wasted some time instead of doing something I needed to do to give to a friend. (Also in the time I wasted I had done some things I did not consider morally right).
Leaving a friend of mine alone at a dance - I felt I should have kept her company.
For the above: guilt at not living up to my own moral expectation, guilt for not being the type of person my patents wanted, guilt for just about bloody everything, just realising that I have failed drastically in my own eyes.
I "snapped" very abruptly at my mother when she said something silly and stupid, (in front of other people) she looked so defenceless & hurt & told them that I'm always doing that.
When a mistake occurred at work which I was not responsible for.  This was disclosed later.
I was living at home during the Summer vacations and towards the end decided to take some of my clothes and other belongings to the appartment in Guttenburg.  When I had finished I went to my ex-boyfriend's (relationship uncertain) home and stayed there till 5 A.M.  I had to leave then as my parents needed the car for work in the morning.  My parents do not like my boyfriend.
When my nephew asked me to tell him a story and I simply did not have the energy or the will.  When I saw his disappointment I was terribly guilty and read a story to him after all.
[ Can not think of anything.]
I broke off with my partner as I wanted him as a friend and not as a lover.  He reacted very violently and I felt guilty as I had made him so desperately unhappy.
I said nasty things which I did not mean to a friend.
Squeezed the puppy in the door.
My mother accused me of not visiting her enough when she was in hospital for an eye operation.
A boy who shot dead a squirrel.
Having failed to help with the 5th of March arrangements (Women's Day), although I had previously promised to take part in the work.
Car accident. I let a 16-year old, incompetent parson take the wheel and I feel very guilty about what happened even though I suffered the worst injuries.
I hit my little sisiter on the head with a stone while we were fighting.
NO RESPONSE.
I failed to show up at an agreed date.
A friend of mine shot himself through the head after having told me and others that he would do so.
When my ex-husband left our house, and the children cried because he was not coming back.
A kitten had wandered into our office, and I was told to take it back across the street. When I crossed back, the kitten followed me and was run over and killed by a car.
When my parents work very hard and get tired - while I go to school and study instead of helping them. I feel that I'm letting them down, disappointing them.
I failed to complete a working task within the agreed time.
I had planned a trip to the South during Easter, together with a friend. She was very sorry when I changed my mind and decided not to go after all.
I was very angry with a girlfriend for interferring a little too much with my personal affairs. I told her so rather strongly and she started crying.
When I secretly tried smoking for the first time, being 12 years old.
Not applicable to myself.
We had a day off from school. Instead of helping my mother with her job, I stayed in bed all day.
When my aunt took her own life, I felt guity for not understanding that she needed support.
I dated another boy several times, when I was still "going with" my former boyfriend. This made me feel a little bit guilty towards my friend.
I forgot to lock the outside door at my Land Lady's place.
Doing something wrong at home, and then letting my (normally) more rampant brother take the blame.
Borrowing a car, and then having a minor accident (breaking a headlight).
Feeling helpless, not being able to accomplish what I really wanted to do.
I've always defended my sister when needed, at the expense of my brother. This has led to feelings of guilt towards him.
When I and the boy next door set fire to a house by accident.
When being illoyal (disloyal) to people close to me. Had such an episode with my sister, who should have received my support and attention.
Accidentally dropped a friends camera flash, so that it was broken.
Not keeping a promise of delivering materials of great importance to the receiver.
The negative feelings towards me displayed by my "parents-in-law".
Car accident, hurt three of my closest family.
I often feel guilty, and it has to do with other people, e.g. if I haven't visited my older relatives for a while.
I crashed my father's car.
Being aggressive against members of my family.
Not helping parents enough at home and at the farm - this has happened many times.
During 7th grade our class mobbed a famale teacher so badly that she had a breackdown and was hospitalized.
The same as in "shame".
Selling the appartment after my divorce.
When I caused needless anxiety to a person close to me because of my lack of self-insight.
We had had a party the night before and we still had some liquors left the morning after. I went to the kitchen pretending to prepare some tea and was caught by my fiancee pouring some rum down my throat.
On Reberbahn, I was in a "restaurant" where drinks were overpriced.  I did not ask for the prices beforehand, and when the bill came I could not pay the bill.
When I spoke ill of a fellow worker in the absence of this person.
When I shot a bird in the head with a shotgun.
[ The same as in shame.]
I had promised to call a girl but I did not do it.
I reproached my mother's cooking and criticised her personality, and she felt hurt and depressed.
I had quarelled with a friend of mine and I later realized that it was also my fault.
I had asked the Salvation Army to take away a piece of furniture of mine, but I forgot to cancel the agreement (a friend of mine took it) and I thereby caused the Salvation Army people some unnecessary work.
I did not go to the exercises, without any adequate reason.
When I think about my family (parents, brothers, sisters) guilt is a part of my feelings.
I got 100 FIM too much when I changed money at the bank.  They soon called me at my job and the situation was embarrasing for me.
While at primary school, I did not let a friend ring a bell although he would have liked to do it.  Afterwards I felt bad.
I was working as a secretary.  My boss was to go to give a lecture, and wanted me to give him the exact address of the place.
I lost my self-control and raised my voice at a child.
It was my turn to cook dinner.  I forgot a dish (the favourite of the family) in the oven and it got burnt and was uneatable.
The death of my father made me feel quite guilty, because my attitude towards him had been cold and indifferent.
A borrowed car broke down while I was using it.  It was not my fault, nevertheless I felt guilty.
A friend of mine was drunk and having an argument on the street with a woman, appparently his girlfriend.  I was walking on the other side of the street and thought that I was not supposed to interfere.  Later I heard that he had shot himself that evening.
I "picked up" a girl and I thought that I had misused my position and authority over her as there did not seem to be any realistic possibility of continuing the relationship.
My mother told me that the enveloppes that I had been tearing (I had torn the stamps away) in good faith had been the first-day enveloppes which my father had collected as a young man.
I promised my friends that I would take care of something, but I kept forgetting about it.  When they asked me about it, I promised to do it immediately.  However, I got started only after a couple of months.  I felt that I had betrayed my friends.
When I was baby-sitting at my cousin's place, I tried to have a pleasant time and did not really take care of the child.  I do not care very much about children.
When I behaved improperly - fought in a public place.  Afterwards, I felt guilty about my conduct.
I did not go to help a friend of mine, though she probably needed me.
When as a child I stole, from a friend of mine, the ring she had got in an easter egg.
When before the last exam I have taken, I went out instead of studying.
A lonely, neurotic, shy girl lives nearby. She has expressed a wish to meet me, I have however avoided her (turned down an invitation) as the crisis my partner is going through uses up all my empathy.
When I did not succeed in finding a job after having finished a nonacademic degree.
When I noticed that my little sister was sulking, because I could not meet her because of a misunderstanding.
While trying to get my little brother over a ditch, he fell on his head and started crying.  I was scared of having caused him permanent injury.
[ If one has planned to do something "important" and then, for some reason, fails to do it.]
When I moved away from home.
I had been guilty of gossiping and blaming others, and one of my superiors at the workplace made a formal reprimand.
When I think that I have been too stict or narrow minded towards my students.
When I promised a male friend of mine to visit him, and did not.
I met my ex boyfriend by chance.  We separated a few months ago and I am now with a new boyfriend.  My ex boyfriend looked depressed, and I know I am not to be blamed.
A parking fine.
At my summer job, I was responsible for making various orders.  It was not me who had ordered some seasonal merchandise, but when much of it was left over and had to be thrown away in the Autumn, I felt partly responsible for the much too large order.
While travelling in a bus with an invalid ticket, I got caught.
[ I had, by being silent, disapproved my love and made him unhappy.  He had not been able to keep his promise.  I thus was thinking about my own conduct towards another person.]
The cat of my landlady escaped through the window which I had left open.
[ I speak harshly to my parents though they only mean my own good.]
When I reproached my friend because I was myself low-spirited and disappointed.
At my job, I got disproportionately angry with a child.  My reaction was not as it should have been.
I am going steady with a boy, but I had sexual intercourse with another one, and I felt guilty about it afterwards.
For the sheer pleasure of it, I quarelled with my boyfriend who was trying  to be especially kind to me.
When I decided to move away from my parent's home, my mother told me that it was as if a part of her had been torn out of her.
I felt guilty when I spent a night at my boyfriend's place, particularly because I had been harsh and spiteful when I had left home.  The reason was that I feared a possible discussion on the subject and I wanted to leave defiantly.
I had not written to, or called my grandmother, who was lonely, for a long time.  My mother asked me to call her on her behalf and when I did so, my grandmother was delighted and she told me that she had been waiting for some news from us.
I stopped my car in front of a pedestrian crossing as a child was crossing the street.  The car driving in the next lane did not stop and the child got hurt.  Had I not stopped ...
I am the secretary of an association, and during the last meeting I forgot to take the minutes.
When my little brother asked me to play with him, I told him that I had no time and that I would play with him the next day. However, the next day I said the same thing.
One evening I went out with some friends of mine, although I was supposed to stay at home with my little sister who is 11.
While doing some calculation exercises, I neglected a part of it, though I had marked it as done.  By chance, I was asked to demonstrate this very part on the blackboard.
[ Generally when I am shopping I feel like I were guilty of all the thefts through the year (I have never stolen).]
While playing a ball game, I made a mistake and we lost the game.
When I was involved in a car crash.
When I betrayed my former girlfriend.
I work at a commercial house from 7 to 10 a.m. On a very cold day in winter I was late - and let a fellow worker stand in the cold for half an hour.
I was said to be responsible for my mother getting ill and growing thin. I did not realize that it really was my fault until several weeks later.
A young girl tried to put an end to her life because of lover's grief; not until she was in hospital I heard that I had been the reason for her action.
I was supposed to fetch some friends at the bus stop, but I did not do it because my father was in a bad mood and I was afraid that he would grumble.
When my boyfriend was away, I flirted with his best friend; I felt guilty the next day.
I had to take care of the plants of a friend of mine for several weeks. I watered them, but let them stand in a cold room so that two of them perished.
During a ski tour with a friend, we two had drunk too much. When we went down the slope on ski, I lost my friend who had lost his way. I thought that something must have happened to him (he finally arrived but after a very long time).
I live with my boyfriend, we have a close relationship, I fell in love with another man.
When quarreling with friends.
I came home from a discotheque at half past four in the morning, although I had promised my parents to come home at midnight. From 3 a.m. I felt guilty towards my parents.
I went shopping with my mother and sister (17 years old). Mother always told my sister what she should buy. Instead of assisting my sister in defending herself against mother's interference, I just behaved aggressively towards my sister.
After a terrible quarrel with my family, I withdrew in my room. I felt guilty because I had caused this scene by my aggressive behavior.
I had to call somebody between 12 and 12:30. As I had no possibility to call him at this time, I did not do it until 3 p.m.
After closing the front door I realized that I had left the key inside the house. I felt even more guilty since it was not my own house but the house of people I hardly knew.
It happened when I still went to school: I got closer to a girl but I considered it only as an "affair". Only much later I realized how painful this must have been for the girl.
One night I did not come home without telling my parents and I did not want to speak about it afterwards. My mother cried. I had a bad conscience and felt guilty.
My girlfriend's results in school had become worse because I prevented her from learning (we often went out etc.).
During the military service, I lost a part of an equipment; I accused another person and he was rebuked and punished.
Some time ago I took the driving test. I did answer the theoretical questions very well, but I failed the practical driving test. It was my fault because I had not enough practice.
I allowed my little brother to clean the bathroom in his own way. My mother came and saw the floor overflowed with water, slapped my brother in the face and told him to go to bed immediately.
I behaved in a nasty manner towards a friend, I said things which I could have said in a more friendly way. After that I felt guilty.
During my holidays I had a boyfriend who turned away from me outwardly. Therefore I danced with another man and raised certain hopes in him. After a while I had to explain to him the circumstances
I had promised my friend to take her to an important appontment but I was late. So she missed the opportunity to get a wellpayed holiday job.
When I was a child I often quarrelled with my younger sister. Once I became so angry that I slapped her in the face. She cried and shouted so that my mother came in and scolded me.
I felt guilty because I had not accomplished a thing as well as I had wanted to.
I had to tell a collegue the time for an appointment with another collegue. I told her the wrong time - it was obviously my fault.
When I was driving my motorbike I went into a bend incautiously and fell down. I was slightly hurt, the motorbike was slightly damaged.
When I was parking my car I was not cautious and bumped into another car. I caused considerable damage. The driver of the other car was very angry and I let him insult me because I felt guilty.
When I shoplifted a pair of earrings from Coles and my Mum caught me with them in my bag.
Feeling guilt after greed, buying chocolate and pigging out to the point of feeling sick, especially as I am fat.
Failure to complete medical course as a result of failing fourth year twice.
When in grade 3, late home from school every day for weeks because of harassment from a grade 7 boy I lied to mother about why I was home late.
Eating too much I felt guilty afterwards because I knew I shouldn't have overeaten as I'm putting on too much weight.
Once in my homes yard, I was plaing football with my cousin and in a certain quick the ball went on uncontrolled putting down a bird-cage, killing it.
When I was reproved eighth grade of high school.
On a telephone talk where I was agressive and stupid without the least, reason or better motive.
I forgot to water the flowers in our flat and was rebuked by my friends who share the flat with me.
I was not sure whether I should help an old woman going down a flight of stairs. I just watched her and saw how difficult it was for her to do it.
An accident happened to my little cousin because I had not taken enough care of her. She fell on the floor and her hands were hurt.
There was a time when I did not get on well with my sister. I always grumbled at her and said bad things about her to my mother. So my mother always scolded her.
When I had drunk too much and nearly got an alcohol poisoning.
I had to take care of my little brother. When I met a friend I did not pay attention to him for a certain time and he was hurt while he was playing.
I had to take care of a neighbour's child. I did not look after it all the time and the child fell down and was hurt. I felt guilty.
My uncle had promised to buy me a bicycle. As time went by and I had not received it yet, I asked my father to buy it for me. Later I heard that my uncle had wanted to offer me the bicycle on my birthday two weeks later.
When we were playing, I hurt my little sister, but towards my mother I did not admit that it was my fault.
During a discussion I reacted very aggressively and so I made it impossible to continue discussing.
I had a discussion with my girl-friend. After some time we started to quarrel and at least - to get the upper hand - I said that she was not as important to me as she might believe. Some time later I apologized for that.
I called my little sister to make her pick up her toy from the floor. When she still refused after I had asked her for the fourth time, we began to quarrel. At last the whole family was involved in this quarrel and trouble was brewing.
I was on a concert-tour and therefor seperated from my boy-friend. But I needed warmth which was given by a male member of the orchestra. My feelings towards him were not very deep, but his feelings were. I felt guilty when he said "I am not a radiator".
By fun I had a tussle with my sister. Suddenly I obviously hurt her unintentionally - and she ran out of the room, crying.
When I still went to primary-school, I went on a ski-trip with my family. After skiing we went to a restaurant for lunch. Suddenly my father said that he had forgotten something in the car. He gave me the key and asked me to go and get it. I had difficulties with the key which was already bent. I asked my mother to help me. When she tried to turn the key it broke. We had no second key. My mother was blamed for all that and I did not say a word.
I had been together with my boy-friend for two and a half years, when he got to know another girl and not even tried to conceal that from me. I drew my conclusions and left him - I also felt a bit guilty for what had happened.
I quarreled with my boy-friend. He said it was unfair that I always started crying so that he had to give in.
I threw away an object, which belonged to a friend, because I did not know what to do with it. My friend was very sad about that and I felt guilty.
My schoolmates were teasing a pupil who was not able to defend himself very well; I should have taken his part.
I had an appointment with a friend. I promised him to meet with him, but at last I did not without having informed him.
When I told my boy-friend, who loved me very much, that I wanted to put an end to our relationship. a long time before I told him that and also a long time after that I felt guilty, because I had hurt him so much.
With a group of handicapped people we went to a party. When we wanted to leave we were not able to find one of these people. I had told his mother that we would leave at 4.30 p.m., actually it was planned for 3.30 p.m. Therefore there was a delay.
I spied on my fiancT and was terribly jealous. Later I saw that there was no reason for that.
When I was 4, we spent our holidays at the seaside. My sister and her friend wanted to go to a bay on an undangerous way. I wanted to arrive before them and went on a shorter, but more dangerous way. When I arrived, I found nobody there. I waited for a long time, but nobody came. On my way back I met my mother who had been searching for me desperatly. She did not scold me, but I saw how much she had worried (herself).
When I shirked the gymnastic lesson I met the director of our school who asked me what I was doing.
My sisters asked me to fetch them at a discotheque which is 5 km off. There was a thick fog and snowfall. There was not enough room in the car for all of them and they asked me to go there once again. When I did not do that they had a way to make me feel guilty.
When I had wrongly explained someone an important exemple for an examination.
A friend who was 22 years old, died of leukemia; I had not known that he was so ill and therefore had not cared.
When a classmate wanted to sit down, I pulled his chair away, so that he was slightly injured.
My father had been alone for a long time because my mother and sister were on holiday. I had not seen him for a long time and when I finally called him I realized that he had been very sad about that.
I was looking after my cousin's little daughter; she fell down, was slightly injured and cried vociferously.
I had a quarrel with my father. He was depressed, because somebody had treated him injustly. As we had an argument, it was impossible for me to help him.
I spread abroad an intimate secret.
I was on a visit to friends who have a baby. The baby was crying in another room, but soon it became quieter and it seemed that it would fall asleep. I went into the room where the baby was lying - and it started crying again.
When I was driving my car, I wanted to pick something from the floor of the car and drove into the guide-rail. I thought that I should not have done that and felt guilty.
I was sitting in a restaurant with friends and I knew that in the meantime my girl-friend must have come to my flat and found the door closed.
When I was in the puberty I smashed the favourite toy of my little brother because of a fit of rage.
I promised my mother to come home on her birthday, but at last I was prevented. Nevertheless it would have been possible to go but I did not.
Not thanking relatives for a favor done.
Losing my temper with my spouse.
I borrowed money from a friend and did not pay back the debt when I said I would.
A neighbour complained about smoke from my backyard incinerator entering his house after a change of wind direction. I lit the fire after originally checking that the wind would not blow the smoke in that direction.
When I came very late one night (or morning !) and my parents were waiting, not so much angrgy as disappointed.
Often I forget to give my immediate family birthday presents.
I cannot recall feeling guilty in the near past.
REMARK - SUBJECT MAY NOT HAVE TAKEN THE EXERCISE VERY SERIOUSLY.
Guilt - because I had not written to my sister for months before she died.
My mother and father had forbidden me to ride my scooter on the road, and I had transgressed (together with the "wild" kids from across the street) by riding my scooter down a steep hill near our house. My mother sent the boy next door to collect me, and I was severely scolded.
A girl whom I hadn't seen for a period of time told me that she had been pregnant and had an abortion - I was the father.
After being told that an ex-boyfriend had been hurt by my wearing something he had given me when I was with another guy. I was unaware of my actions really, as I had not considered the fact that he had given it to me, and might see me. I still respected his opinions of me.
Leaving home when my mother thought I had no reason to go and felt that I was rejecting her. She is a constantly depressed person (a bit of a worry-wort) and I felt guilty about having given her this additonal problem.
I stole 5c from my mother's purse for a choo-choo bar - I was 6.
Guilt at having pressed another person to expose/explore his personal weaknesses/faults, to the extent that the other person was made to feel terrible/defensive.
I had shown anger toward my dog and he was killed later that day.
I wasn't able to see my girlfriend on her birthday and because I was late arriving home from uni, I didn't phone her as arranged at a certain time (she rang in the meantime).
A situation where I stole a friends wife's wallet.
Carried out a vandalistic act on some windows at an old army location.
Leaving University in 1982 following exclusion and lying to parents/friends about reasons for leaving, i.e. lying about the fact of having been excluded.
After having told an authority figure a very large lie I was told she believed me, because she believed I had never lied to her. 
Talking about someone behind their back.
Guilt after fighting with my sister (for) telling her how bad she was.
When I was young, I stole some money from my mother's purse. It wasn't very much, but I can remember when she found it gone I felt very guilty.
After having been told not to take the car, I took it anyway and felt guilty about having taken it.
I didn't tell my parents exacly what had made me so late in getting home one night. I left out some details and somehow, I felt I had lied to them.
I was walking quite quickly and unthinking through a children's playground, when a toddler ran in front of me I knocked him over and he hit his head quite hard and began crying.
I felt guilty about going out when I should have been studying for a presentation I had to give on Wednesday the next week.
I felt guilty when I skipped a two hour practical class I knew I would miss out on more information which I did not know, but I couldn't cope with going.
Ignoring my parents'wishes.
Borrowed someone else's towel without asking.
When I used to tell Mum I was going somewhere else than where I was (going).
When I was rude to my mother and got angry with her.
I ate 12 biscuits one night after tea while watching TV - I don't know why.
We owned a shop and I used to serve in it occasionally. We sometimes took lollies out of the stand and Dad caught me one day.
I had promised to do a task for someone that was close to me, and from the outset I knew it was important that I do it, but when it came to it, I let them down.
Not giving up something for Lent.
When I was 17, I told Mum I came in at midnight, when really it was 3.30.
When I let a person assume a fault that I committed.
When I finished a love affair where I was responsible of the sad end.
I felt it when playing I pushed my brother and he fell down cutting himself in pieces of tile.
I pointed a failure of a friend of mine.
Once when I complained I caused a great discussion between my parents.
I was in a sanatorium. In front of me a boy fell down from his invalid's chair. I could help him but I didn't. I felt like being paralysed.
When I have sometimes been unfair to my parents, when I have happened to deceive them over some trifling things.
When someone is accused or punished instead of me.
Once I worked as a designer. A fitter was hard hit in a damage that occurred at the building site I had designed.
Betraying someone's trust.
Friend's fiancT left her for me.
Promising someone to do their job and then not being able to do it due to transport troubles.
I felt guilty about talking negatively, and agreeing with a person who was doing likewise, about a non-present third person.
As a child - accidentally stepping on a pet guinea-pig - it dying.
When I was about 14 years old, I "borrowed" a can of drink from the refrigerator, intending to replace it later that day. But it was found missing before I could do anything - no one owned up to its disappearance.
When I felt I had let my parents down, especially my mother, by having sexual intercourse for the first time, and a few times after that. Also, when I went on the Pill.
When my Bictorian "friend" was staying at my house we ere going places together, and sleeping together. At the time I had a boyfriend locally. The first time I had to face him after sleeping with the guy from Melbourne I felt very guilty.
When I decided my first marriage had ended, and left with the child. I felt overwhelmed by guilt as I was separating mother and child.
I once stole a shirt from the Department Store in which I work. I have been promoted to work in a very privileged section of the store. Their belief in my integrity makes me feel even guiltier.
Inventing a fictitious series of events, as a result of which I ended up in a conflict with my two closest friends.
I was driving my parents' car into a carpark in front of a shop we own, and scraped the corner of the front panel on the back corner of my father's utility. I didn't tell anyone, I lied about the bump (later I had to confess).
When I was a little girl about eight years old I broke the bey from a closed. Mother asked who did it. I said that it wasn't me, as I almost never lied, and my brother did it more frequently in spite my brother denieing it my mother gave him a few slaps.
When I took away my best friend's boyfriend.
When I answered to my mother with rudeness.
I felt guilty when I couldn't help a person.
When my niece was 3 years old she was in the living room while we were fixing the table for a birthday party and, as every child, she couldn't stay calm. She burst a balloon. When I told her to be quiet her father pinched her. I believe if I hadn't said anything this wouldn't have happened.
When my ex-boyfriend didn't want to sleep with me anymore and I insisted. We made love but he felt very badly and I felt guilty.
I felt guilty when I "stole" the boyfriend of a friend of mine.
When I shout at a colleague in classroom.
When I met another person I began to go out with him, and my boyfriend (with marriage accorded) met us together he did a great scandal, he broke the engagement and I began to go out with the other, and it didn't work because my mind was all mixed up.
When I didn't pass the examinations for FUVEST I felt myself guilty for I should have studied. I had the opportunities, and I drew them out.
When I wished secretly and lied to a friend of mine because I didn't want her to stay in my house on the beach (as she always does), and wouldn't stick on me.
When my father had a serious fight with my sister, because of me.
About the girl (22 years, married) I felt guilty of the relationship.
Attending to a demand made by a client (I work in a bank) I suggested her an application of money in a week ahead, but I informed her wrongly. The client arrived a week after and the application wasn't made and she lost with this a lot of time and money.
My brother and I were at home watching a TV program when I started to tease  him and in this joke I hurt him without knowing the seriousness of it I went on. He got angry and gave it back to me. At this moment I felt anger at him but knowing that it was my fault.
I broke the gutar of a colleague but as it happened in a moment when nobody was present I could escape from the guilt.
In adolescence I had a very violent fight with my sister I hold her stong in her neck, she had a throat surgery what make me feel guilty about the future reactions she might had injuring the surgery.
When I was starting in romance with my husband, we went out to curt, and we stayed in the car "making love". At the time I was seventeen and I was very immature until a day I lost my virginity.
When I stared to much at a pastry that a woman was eating and at the same instant the pastry felt on the floor.
When I unjustly accused a person of my family of something she didn't really do.
I had a date with a boy, but I didn't feel liked, and didn't go, I wasn't home purposely at the time we arranged.
When my parents fight lots of time, when I'm the reason of the fight, I feel guilty.
When I was a child I used to play with my cousin gushing wather to each other in front of the door of my house. One day we decided to gush with on a passing car. The driver stopped and went to discuss with my mother and my aunt that were there.
When I deny something to my sister and after a while I feel sorry and try to bypass the situation.
The day I decided to get out of my house I saw in my brother's eyes that they blamed me for the situaiton.
I had parked in a corner, and when I was going out I didn't watch if another car was coming and went out. The car that was coming was obliged to stop suddenly. It didn't crash but for a little.
When I slapped a nephew who did something that I considered wrong, and I was reprehended for this.
When I knew that my niece did a bad schoolar examination because I couldn't explain her the lesson.
Yesterday I broke my sister's raio. She hears it always when she has school examinations and now she has examinations.
When in the initial interview for the recruiting, I don't know why, I accepted to do the test for army.
When I robbed a loop in supermarket.
I lost a conference because I hadn't got in touch with a certain person to inform her that I would go with her. I thought she knew what I wanted.
Facing the possibility of having a child when it wasn't either desired or permitted.
I felt guilt when I betrayed the person whom I loved.
When I forgot to take out money for my mother. She asked me what she would do, because I had messed up her program for the following day.
One day my boyfriend put my hand on his penis and I felt well, but after I felt a guilty conscience because I hadn't thought about the consequences that this could have brought if I had gone farther.
One of my pupils escaped from school to the street.
I always feel guilty when I see my mother sad or fed up with life. I really dont know the reason.
When I fought with my sister and said that she had provoked this. She was very seriously scolded.
My daughter was a baby and was crying to be taken on my lap. I felt very nervous and moved her away and went out. As soon as the feeling of nervousness passed I was taken by an enormous feeling of guilt, for having rejected my daughter.
The greatest guilt I felt and I didn't know if it was really justified is that when I was a child I had a brother very close to me. He  became ill, and asked me to see  him in the hospital. I didn't go, when his situation became worse in the U.I.T. (Unity of intensive therapy) I went and he died.
The only guilt I considered reasonable was my reproval at the end of the semester at the University.
The same event described under "shame".
When I provoked a fight with my mother, hurting her feelings very much.
This feeling comes frequently when I go out at night and tell my mother that I shall come back early. But then I get home a 5 or 6 a.m.
It happens sometimes in connection with certain persons with whom I have frequent relationships but nothing special.
A great friend of mine travelled with the intention to change his life. He didn't succeed and returned depressed. I had not power to support his frustration and his behavioral change.
When I acted in a negative way at a certain moment by laziness to concede a moment of the time I thought to be my own.
Being disloyal with persons I loved.
When I misled a person: I said that I would do her a favour and didn't.
Once I promised to do something but I didn't do it.
A sense of guilt I felt once when I couldn't defend the confidence my teacher had in me and thus discrediting him at a concert.
I promised to fulfill an errand. Later I understood it was impracticable. The explanation I gave was accompanied by a sense of guilt.
I felt guilty because of the pain I caused to a very close friend. But over the feeling of guilt, my conviction of being right dominated.
I had thrown with the ashtray a still lighted cigarette in the plastic wastepaper basket. It had burnt out and my landlords made me a row that I might had set their flat on fire.
I couldn't fulfill a promise.
I couldn't fulfill a request of a girlfriend of mine, though I categorically promised her and I believed there wouldn't be any hindrance. It was partly for objective reasons but also because I couldn't organize myself.
I was involved in a ... attempt on a man I had developed a close warming relationship with. Although I knew I had done everything I could and that his progress of a "normal" life was poor I felt guilty as if I could have done more.
I felt guilty after getting really angry with a friend and having an argument. I was being stubborn and proud, and selfish, because my friend let me down, through no fault of her own.
When I hurt my parents in one way or another.
It was my mother's birthday. My father and I used to buy a present together. However, now I had bought something together with my girlfriend and I forgot to ask my father.
I stroke a person undeservedly.
I felt guilty after I battered to death a classmate of mine.
I felt guilt because on account of my ambitions I nearly turned my sister out of my parents home.
Some time ago I slapped my son without trying to understand who the real culprit of a damage was. After that I felt guilty and bad but it was too late.
I offended my mother.
When I shouted and quarrelled and for no reason I had been rude to my mother and when my behaviour had been influenced by other outward factors.
Years ago I ran away from home which disappointed my parents.
Adultery with a friend's girlfriend.
I feel guilty when I should have done something at any rate but I haven't done it.
When I offended my parents without wanting it.
When I have been overhastingly offending or hurting.
My roommate got married and invited me to share a flat with them. But with a young couple there should not be a third person. I am to blame for not following the advise of the others, but it is not late still.
I used to pinch change from my father's mantlepiece (never my mother - she didn't get enough housekeeping) and then I'd feel when we went to church as a family I'd felt awkward cos I felt I'm expected to go to communion and I would but I was afraid and guilty 'cos I committed a mortal sin.
Reported neighbour to police for taking to my daughter with baseball ball - her counsellor rang me and after long talk convinced me the woman was o.k. I felt guilty for ringing the police then guilty for feeling guilty about it.
I removed an article of clothing belonging to my employer while in a position of trust.
I had to leave an important function early because of family commitments. Someone else had to complete my job.
When I was young I stole something from a shop and got caught, then I was taken to the police station and my parents had to come and get me.
When I have forgotten to warn somebody for something, or when I have forgotten to bring something I have been asked for.
For example, when I have promised something but I haven't fulfilled it.
It happens to me quite often. I can't describe a particular case.
Low evaluation of other people's cares.
Lack of respect for my parents.
I forgot to convey an important announcement.
When something unpleasant happens to a friend or relative of yours and you are at the bottom of it.
Quite unconsciously I offended a girlfriend of mine. It was really worthy to pass this fact over in silence, but I acted so, because I believed I was right. In fact it often happens to me to feel guilt, after I have already done the deed.
Always, and this happens often when I do not keep my word.
When I offend somebody unfairly.
At a moment of affect I offended a person very close to me. He had given me ground for that but it was a trifling in comparison with the way I insulted him. A moment later I felt a sense of guilt.
My son drank four pills of diazepam every two hours instead of amidophen.
When I had had the possibility to act or to do certain activity better but I had not done it because of reluctance or carelessness.
When I don't fulfill my obligations.
In a fit of temper I told things that were unjust and they greatly hurt my mother though she didn't show it.
My father got a slight heart attack after a telephone call of mine.
I didn't attend lectures.
Some days ago I had a slight car accident through my fault.
When I am not able to fulfill any request of my son - can't take him out to ride his byke, because I am tired.
When I don't justify the confidence of people that I respect.
I offended a person who had done much for me and who had helped me for everything.
I ignored and offended my parents on the eve of the New Year.
I feel this feeling most often before me not before the others. My outside is iron but actually I'm wasting away.
I didn't give back in time some money that I had borrowed. My friend relied on them.
We had promised, with a friend of mine, to take our friends to a restaurant and after having looked for a place for hours without finding one, and not being helped by the others we had to give up the idea.
I got back too late after a Sunday going out without having called up home to tell where I was. my mother hadn't slept the whole night.
My mother developed hipertonia and I think I too am to blame bacause with her it is a stress disease.
I felt guilty when once I made my mother angry.
I didn't keep a promise I had made to a man, and in this way I lost his esteem and confidence in me. I caused him a lot of trouble.
Recently when I made a slip and blurted out indecent words in my mother's presence.
I had an appointment with a colleague of mine to give her my lecture notes. I couldn't go and I didn't send them, and so the girl missed a day for the preparation of her term exams.
The assistant professor saw me cheat at the preliminary examination.
My grandmother has been in a hospital for a week and I still haven't had time to see her.
I felt guilty last year during the winter term exams. A colleague of mine asked me to give him my lecture notes (I had very good notes and I had passed my exam in advance) but I still don't know why I didn't give them to him. That colleague failed and he was on the verge of not passing it at the supplementary examinations.
When I was in the fifth class the rating was done in our mark-books. I hadn't been examined yet but I had heard from my classmates about the scolding they had got at home. My first mark was in geography - good 4. I judged I had known for more than that and I put down "very good" for fear of being scolded. Naturally my parents guessed all about it. They rebuked me for what I had done.
I had undertaken to help my sister for her class work but some unexpected circumstances prevented me from doing that.
I felt it when I came home after the examination session and I said I had not passed my last exam.
The sense of guilt came over me too, when I interrupted my studies. Why ? Because I felt guilty before my parents ! They believed in me though this event did not make them disbelieve me.
A sense of guilt before my parents when I had to discountinue my studies in the first year because of unpassed exams.
I didn't visit a very close friend at the hospital and some days later he died.
I remember about an unpleasant event in relation to my mother. I felt guilty before her.
When once my mother asked me to do some work for her at home because she was busy and moreover this work was to be done by a man. But it remained undone.
Last year I put off an exam for the autumn session without knowing if there was a supplementary examination session. When I came home with my exam unpassed I felt guilty before my parents when I remembered how much they had done for me.
I felt guilty when I had taken the car keys and I had an accident but as my parents did not know who was to blame, they punished my brother because I had no driving licence and they thought it impossible that had driven the car.
I felt guilty when I failed to take an exam though I had had enough time to read for it but I hadn't made use of it.
I feel always guilty before my parents when I come home and have to tell them I have failed an exam.
Something very unpleasant happened when I was a soldier and I was directly involved in it.
I remember when I was a little boy I broke a Swiss dinner set quite involuntarily.
When at times unconscienciously I speak to my mother in a high tome but after that I am sorry and I feel guilty.
Guilt at often being unable to visit a close relative in hospital after her death I felt very guilty and wished I had done more.
When I had lied to a friend/son about some things we had discussed and I had to be one better.
I felt guilty at being part of the successful people. Felt guilty at being a student when other people were not. Guilt about being a potential success in various areas of society. (So stupid this emotion)
Not attending school, when  am not sick - but in need of mental rest. Staff on your return query your "sickness" - it is easier in N.Z. to be sick, rather than confide other personal reasons etc.
When I accepted a lunch invitation from a past male friend.
When I made an excuse to get out of participating in an important family occasion that I should not have missed.
This feeling of guilt really applies to moral/religious views. I (being Catholic) went against what I was brought up to believe in and had a sexual relationship with my boyfriend. Many months later, when I was doing some deeper self analysis I began to feel guilty and realized that I had gone against what I wanted for myself and my future.
I did not attend a social studies observation class for 1 whole week (I am a student trainee teacher). Anyway the other teachers thought this was okay because the teacher I was supposed to observe was not well liked. The teacher was in fact really nice to me - but I wanted to get out of teaching a hard topic he had given me.
When I had to go to reconciliation before converting to Catholicism but then once received - o.k.
This I experienced when going around with more than one girl.
When I had to lie about my age to be accepted as a member of a group.
I lied to my mother in the sixth form she said she would ring to find out and I had to tell her I had lied.
When I masturbated in my room.
When I betrayed my lover, she told me something in confidence, I felt at the time I had to relay the information back to the person concerned, as I felt the situation volitile, did this without telling my lover, she felt like piggy in the middle, as she was not directly concerned. Maybe you could call it gossip I felt different after I had slept on it. If I had waited, thought, NOW I would not have done it.
I felt that I contributed to a possible rift in the relationship between a boy and girl soon to be married, in my flat after I moved in. After stating my celibacy to him which she overheard and didn't previously know about I suspect.
While intoxicated I damaged my sister's car in a minor way and someone elses in a minor way.
Had started a relationship and did nothing to keep it up, partly the use of another person.
Making a sexual pass at my cousin with whom I have a very close personal relationship.
Slept with someone close to my girlfriend and myself.
When I deliberately engineered a situation to cause tension between friends so as to bolster the impression one of them had of me !
Adolescent guilt growing up feeling "bad, immoral" sexual desires, some 10yrs ago.
I was late meeting someone for an appointment.
I was using my sister's stereo while everyone was out. I know she wouldn't want me to and I would get into trouble if she found out. But she was only partly justified in forbidding me to use it. She never found out.
Guilty when I hadn't walked my dog for quite a few days and had given her no attention.
When something went wrong for me I lashed out at someone else whom I loved and who was not in any way responsible for what had happened (my sister).
I borrowed a friend's books and forgot I had them, she asked for them back and I told her I didn't have them. I duly found and returned them.
Forgot to turn up on prescribed day for jury service.
When I made a mistake at work and when questioned about it pretended I had nothing to do with the problem.
Breaking the left hand indicator box by moving too close to structure.
Boyfriend doing cleaning in situation where it was my job to do it. Later snapped at him over trivial thing. He looked downcast. I felt guilty - "he's just done all that work for me".
Two timing - going out with 2 guys at once (secretly).
I spent all weekend with a friend instead of studying for my exams.
Telling white lies.
When caught shop-lifting as for shame.
Telling a lie to wife over phone about what I had been working at.
Two-timing - going out with person other than guy I was in relationship with.
Someone asked me to do something and I made up an excuse and said no. I then went and didn't the same thing with someone else and hoped the first person never found out.
The first time I went away with my boyfriend and lied about where we were staying.
When my sister had the opportunity to do some modelling work. And I was quite jealous - later on the photographer decided not to take her photograph, and she was very upset - I felt guilty as a result, almost as if I had caused her to lose her opportunity, by not being genuinely happy for her in the first place.
NO RESPONSE.
I told my pesent boyfriend that I was an Australian as are my parents. As the relationship developed I found it harder and harder to confess and became sure it would end our relationship. He eventually found out when told in front of me by my mother.
When I crashed by bike into an old lady crossing a road and knocked her down.
At the age of 12 (or so) I stole from a Ranger's fruit tree an apple. (And eventually was compelled to confess - Dostoersky would like this).
Stealing money from a milk token jar from a close friend of the family when visiting.
Beating my brother up.
My grandmother wanted me to help her. I was driving a tractor pulling a dead branch off a tree. I told her she didn't respect me.
Describing to mother how a hole in the wall had appeared while I was babysitting.
Missing lectures and avoiding university work for no reason when it had to be done.
When I had to lie to my boyfriend so that he wouldn't suspect I'd bought him a xmas present as expensive as I had.
I took my father's car to church one Sunday (I told them that's where I was going ) I decided instead to go for a drive to the beach - on the way I got a puncture.
I let my pet budgie loose to fly around my room one afternoon. A few hours afterwards I found he was still free, went in and out of my room leaving the door open. My cat got in and killed my budgie - this happened to 3 budgies.
When my husband discovered I was having an affair with another man.
In a playground I was playing at the seesaw with a little niece. I wanted to stop but nobody came to help me. When I got off, all alone the seesaw fell down with a big smash. My niece got hurt above her eye. Now there is a scar.
I had made an appointment with a girl to go to the movies, but actually I had no mind when we arrived at the cinema, it was a full house. I then went back and she went to the movie alone.
My mother wants to talk very often about her life. I dislike this because she always talks negatively about the same people whatever I do it doesn't help.
I moved to Nijmegen for my study. Soon after this my mother had to be admitted in hospital because of cardiac compliants. I knew that my moving was an important reason for this.
I felt guilty when I once went out with another boy and made love with him while I had a close boyfriend.
That I didn't want my friend to leave on holiday for 10 days because I thought I would miss him. I was constantly trying to persuade him.
I had a girlfriend which I used to call regularly. Then I didn't phone her for a while. At a certain moment I felt a little tension which became worse.
When I took a car which was not mine, and suddenly it stopped working.
I ran over my dog with a bicycle when I was carrying him tied to the handle bar.
I thought that I could have avoided the above situation (the one in fear) if I had concentrated more on my work, which I hate.
When I finished a test type of exam and did not dare to answer any question, I doubted whether I would pass the exam  or not.
My mother always took my side. That brought about quarrels with my father. I knew she didn't like that and I felt very sorry for that.
I was out with a friend in a place where it was very, very busy. When we wanted to go I bumped a person, who dropped his glass beer I offered a new one but he didn't accept it.
When I flew out to my mother and made rude remarks because I felt so tense (studied too hard for an examination).
When my father (physically handicapped) asks me to do something and I raise several objections. Often I can fix it in few moments.
When I made love with a girl, which I don't really love. However I know that she loves me.
My parents appreciate very much me and my boyfriend coming and have dinner with them at Christmas. However we decided to visit his parents. My mother was rather disappointed.
I chatted up with a girl who I didn't love. She however was fallen in love with me. I felt responsible for her sorrow.
I spend the night with my boyfriend, while there was also a friend of his. We all lay on the floor to sleep. When my boyfriend was fallen asleep the other boy and I started petting. After 15 minutes I felt miserable and awoke my boyfriend to tell him that.
When I was 4-5 years old my mother gave me some parts of a chocolate bar and ordered me to bring it to my father working outside. On my way I could not resist the temptation and ate it myself.
Very often I take care for my little sister and oversee her duties. Most of the time everything went fine, but sometimes she absolutely didn't want to obey; then I hit her (we frequently were hit by our father).
I wanted to finish a relationship after 3 months. Unfortunately my friend had a different opinion. I could not answer his feelings this made him unhappy, and me feel guilty.
When I realised that I had rejected a boy, who was fallen in love with me, rather bluntly four times.
After a quarrel with my mother in which matters were "inflated" enormously.
My girlfriend and I agreed to go to the cinema. However I completely forgot our appointment. I remembered it two hours too late when I went to visit her.
When I tell someone no. In other words when I refuse to do something although I could have helped him.
After a courtship of three months I made an end to it. The boy was very sad about this.
I once drank too much alcohol and became very ill. This was in the presence of my friends.
When I see that my mother forces my little brother (15 years) to work very hard for school. I don't agree that she constantly puts him to work, but I don't tell it to her, so nothing changes.
I told someone that I still had a relationship with a boy although it was finished already 3 months before. That person seriously discussed several things relating that issue. Then I felt very miserable because I had told lies.
In Biarritz (the South of France) I met some English students who, especially for me, went to Paris and gave me food, while I didn't have any more money.
When my father told me that I should help my mother more often, because she was so busy. And I realized that he was right.
I borrowed a piece of music of someone and I always forgot to give it back. That person wrote me a letter asking me to give it back. I did so and I told him an idle story why I kept it for so long.
When I was caught with another man's wife.  I had taken the opportuinty as this man was abroad but he returned that night.
I broke my friend's badminton racket and she kept quiet about it.
I was in grade seven and my class was planning a protest against a rude and immoral teacher.  I sneaked out and told the headmaster about it and so the plan was foiled.
I beat up a female friend after I heard the defamatory stories that she had been telling.  I was later called to explain my behaviour.
When I was made to feel responsible for the emotional state a friend of mine was in.
I have cut loose from my father a few years ago. I know he is very sad about this.
When my friend needed my help very much and I, at that moment, made an end to our relationship.
Someone had to do a lot of efforts to make something work. With my help he would have finished much sooner, but I wasn't in the mood to help him.
A friend of mine had a bicycle-accident because I pulled at his handlebar.
I saved up money for a good purpose. As I also have to organise a party I am afraid there will rest only a little money for the good purpose I feel guilty about this.
