[ On days when I feel close to my partner and other friends.  When I feel at peace with myself and also experience a close contact with people whom I regard greatly.]
After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's place.
When I pass an examination which I did not think I did well.
Passing an exam I did not expect to pass.
When I had my children.
When my child was born.
When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time.
When I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting.
Passed an exam by 2 points.
I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed.
When I won a trip to Greece in a competition.
At a friend's birthday party with some of my closest friends.  It was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have such good friends.
I felt very happy when I won the football pools.
When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday.  Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned.  It works out well and we enjoy ourselves.
When I passed the first examination that I had to repeat.
The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of economics.
When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a margin of three marks.
When I gave birth to my son and saw that he was alive and that I had managed it well.  He was born a month too early with a malfunctioning lung.  This happened a year ago.
New year's eve 1983/1984, I met my girlfriend.  We stood on the steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the first time.
When I got the loan for my studies.
When my sister - after a history of one abortion and one stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy.
Unexpected visit by a close friend, whom I hadn't seen for half a year.
When I was accepted as a student at the college, not having thought it possible.
A couple of years ago during the summer holiday, I was fishing at a lake with my husband.  Suddenly it started raining while the sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy, happiness and fulfillment.  the whole nature was full of music.
I had a summer job in Sweden, and my boyfriend came to meet me on my birthday.
I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the vice-chairman of our student organisation.  I was really surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt, though behind it there was worry - how shall I succeed ?
Last night I had a chat with a fellow student.  I had known her for about half a year, and for the first time we were speaking "the same language"- meaning an inspiring discussion and encounter.
I met a dear friend of mine after a long time.  I expressed my feelings in our own usual way, by mutual scolding and abusing (with complete understanding) and by touching, patting and taking the hand of the other person, etc...
When I won a tennis match.
Celebrations on the graduation day with the orchestra playing in the garden ( I am a part of this orchestra).
When I met an old schhol friend (school love) who works in Sk+vde.
Passed the last exam.
When my one year old son gives me a spontaneous kiss.
An ex-colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their accounts bureau.  They needed "clever people" and he had "immediately thought of me."
When my girlfriend became pregnant.
When I passed an exam.
I worked at a lawyer's office during Summer and I got a very good reference from him.
When I was finally qualified for my profession.
I stopped working (had a boring job).
When I get a hug from someone I love.
When I won an unexpected sum of money.
When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult education course.  We had not met for 2 years but had both thought a lot about each other.  A wonderful experience.
When I recently got an appartment in central Gottenburg.
When my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and soul.
When I was informed that I had been accepted as a student of Psychology.
When I was acceptted as a student of psychology.
When my son was born.
When after 10 months of national service I was "downgraded" and did not have to do the remaining 5 months.
When my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the rest of the family for the winter sports holiday.
When I got through the first day here at the department.
When i was asked to be a child's godmother.
When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and brought some flowers and cake with him.
When we were able to afford a new sofa - a leather one which cost SEK 20000.  I had waited for it for 2-3 years.
When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment "myself" i.e on my own initiative.
When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to change the working environment.
After my girl and I talked things over our relationship changed and became positive.  A diificult time turned into pleasant one.
When I was offered a high position of trust, which I later accepted.
[ Cycling in the spring sunshine gives me such delight.  Happiness is to be healthy, my wonderful finance.  Simply being here on earth.]
On a boat trip to Denmark, 14 of us had a lot of fun and we spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we won the jackpot of SEK 1000.
When I was at the end-of-term party last week and had fun - was happy and sang and drank only soft drinks.  It is possible to have a good time without alcohol.
When I felt that my love was returned.
When I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a clinical pilot study.
When I began dansing, the teacher came and told me that I was very good and would soon get into the ballet academy. 
When my 6 month old son is happy and well.
When I gave birth to a healthy boy.
When my husband and I decided to take a few days holiday after a particularly trying period.
When I gave birth to a child and saw that it was normal when it was put against my breast.
The high school entrance exam.
Yesterday, when the final whistle blew at the final match between OIS and IFK and it was certain that OIS had won the Swedish title.
When I dived among sharks and the brightly coloured fish on the outer reef of Tvavni, Fidgi.
When I passed the driving test three weeks ago and got my licence.
When I met friends I had not seen for the last 2-4 years.
I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my boyfriend and me, it is a reoccurring feeling.
I was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job.
The birth of my child.
During the Christmas holidays, I met some of my old friends, after not having seen them for six months.
In the underground's escalator, a youngish bum asked me for money.  Although I did not give him anything, the fellow told me that I was really good-looking.  A man who was in front of me also turned to look at me.
A person with whom I had been on bad terms, gave me a present. We became reconciled.
After having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love. I realized that my decision was right - and was very glad.
In summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy.
Walking along the beach with a friend (another girl), talking, picking up shells, laughing, chasing seagulls.
On meeting an old friend of mine.
When I realised that I was forgiven by the God who is there, when I realised how much God loves me and that my acceptance with him is not based on my performance - that he loves me unconditionally and showed that love in Christ who died because I do need forgiveness.
I received a wedding invitation from an ex-flatmate, enclosed was a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the flat.
When I called my boyfriend he asked me if I would live with him.
When my love for a guy was returned.
I met my present boyfriend on a boat trip to England.  We had said that we would call each other when we got back to Sweden (we were not going to the same town in England).  As soon as I walked in he called from England as he could not wait till he came home.
When I fell in love.
When I was accepted as a student of Psychology here at Gutttenburg.
I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much.
After intercourse.
When I was notified that I had been accepted as a Psychology student.
After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK, Gottenburg and got a good write up in the paper.
As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback.  When the atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists.
When I was accepted as supervisor for a student teacher.  The notification came by post.
When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the night, when I came back from a long and tiring journey.
When I was able to buy my new car, after lots of problems.
When I was admitted to a certain school as a student.
When my father managed to begin a "new life" after the divorce from my mother; resulting in a new little sister for me.
I was in hospital, and then was visited by someone quite unexpected.
When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar, after baving tried for a long time.
When my children were born.
When my special friend said "I love you" for the first time.
When my term paper was evaluated.
Got in touch with earlier friends after a long absence.
Receiving a much wanted letter from a very good friend who lives abroad.
A friend which I hadn't seen for years, sent me a small present.
When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me, and I hadn't seen her for 4 months.
When the person that I was very fond of, returned to me.
A close acquaintace cried for me. I felt happy because somebody cared.
Renewed contact with an earlier friend.
Receiving a postcard form my sweetheart who was abroad on vacation, not being at all sure if he would write me or not.
Finding my glasses again after having lost them in town.
I got a job right after school was over.
Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV dealer.
Succeeding in helping others.
I received the message that I'd been accepted at the school where I really wanted to go.
Winning the local soccer championships this year was a great joy.
Getting the top price in the football pools.
Receiving close friends form abroad, whom I hadn't seen for years.
Selling my used car.
Managed to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply.
Reunion with my wife after a legal separation.
Relating to my closest family.
When the contract about my shop was signed.
Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me emotionally.
I won the country ski championship.
When the bank let me borrow some money this winter, after my grant was spent.
I am a school teacher. At a teacher-parent meeting I received a good deal of positive feed-back on my work both from the parents and through them from the pupils.
[ A successful lesson.]
When in an economic crisis I got an unexpected sum of money.
I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer.
While dancing in a restaurant last week.
My girlfriend gave me some feed-back and I understood that it meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer.
When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid look stupid.
[ Being close to another person.]
I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I was completely healthy.
When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I like.
I shot the decisive goal in an ice-hockey match.
I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass.  I rejoyced at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies depended on it.
On the cliff by the sea, the silence and the sudden voice of a bird.(swans of the bay)
When I got home from my job, I found a letter from the university telling me that I had been admitted to begin my studies.
I unexpectedly met a girl with whom I have always got along well. ( I had not seen her for several months.)
I got a fairly large amount of my taxes back.
A sunny Autumn day, after a long rainy period.
I got to know that I had been accepted at university.
My joy was the joy of meeting again.  My husband came home after having been away for weeks (for work).  I was on the railway station to meet him.
My mother, sister and I were thinking about old times, our childhood, and we had a very happy time.
I started a new branch of studies after having failed a former one.  When I got back my exam papers I was very happy to know that I almost had full marks.
My girlfriend sent me a letter with a shiny picture in it.
When, to my surprise, I got to know about having got "very good" high school graduation marks.
I am not especially good at English, and after the high school graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the whole day.  In the evening, when I heard that I had done excellently, I became very happy and the anxiety vanished.  My family was at home.
When I got an unexpected letter from  a guy, who had been my school mate.
When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not surpass my abilities, as I have sometimes thought.
When my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a moment.
When I felt that an exam, which I had feared, was an easy one and went well.
When I got home from a pleasant trip abroad, I got to know that I had been accepted at university.
When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought the cloth after months of hindrances.
Begining the week-end with my girlfriend : cozyness, beer and wine.
When after an overwhelming anxiety and enquiry, I understood something about why I exist and what my task in life is.
The day I got to know that I would get a shared dwelling with my boyfriend.  My parents place was getting a little crowded with my growing bother wanting a room to himself.  I first felt doubt, then joy, but also sadness.  The feeling of joy was the strongest.
[ A chat on the telephone with a friend.]
I was in a dancing-tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting for the end of the world.  Suddenly people began dancing wildly, inspired by the band.  An unbelievable experience : wonderful that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think "what others are thinking of me".  It was delightful to dance to one's heart content.
The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor said that the ear was completely all right.
When a student of mine (at music) performed and played remarkably well.
When I made up with a girl-friend of mine after having been on unfriendly terms with her (my fault).  I cried with joy that evening.
During lectures, I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy I did not know.  We exchange glances ; I think he likes me, and I like him too.  Perhaps he has fallen in love with me .........
[ During inter-rail-trip, after troubles, I met my little sister.]
After having at last finished my master's thesis, I felt great joy and relief.  I had been haunted by the thesis during the whole of my studies.
When I met a good friend of mine after a long time.
While having a discussion with a colleague of mine, I realized that her conception of man and work were similar to mine.
I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard from a good friend (from my home town).
I got a letter from my best friend, whom I had not heard from for a long time (a good letter).
When I got a letter from home.
I found myself a place after looking for one for a long time.
I went to see the entrance examination results at university.  I rejoyced at my success.
A good report card (a scholarship) in primary school.
When I made the acquaintance of a certain person.
When I went to a job interview, I met a person who was very nice, and his attitude made me glad.
I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female friend after not seeing her for two weeks.  We rejoyced, hugged and had a long talk.
When I was sick my husband bought me a piece of cake.
When my red-cheeked, content child runs to meet me in the yard of the kindergarten and gives me a moist kiss on my cheek.
After my vacations, one day after a lecture it occured to me to buy a rose for my mother.  We went together to a pub and my mother told me that she would be getting married next Spring.  I did not known about it and so was all the more glad.
I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I was delighted.  It was wonderful to see familiar, dear people and I was rejoycing in advance.  I had been feeling very lonely.
When, after a long time, I saw a girl with whom I was in love.
While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever  and amusing sketch.
In the army, my result at the shooting exercises got me a three day furlough.
When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to win the Cup of England.
When I was in the sauna bath.
I passed an exam which I thought I had failed.
After one year of searching, my friend and I have found a flat we are able to pay for.
I won a car in a prize-competition. The moment I was informed about it, I felt joy.
In order to be admitted to my final examination, I had to pass two examinations. As I had not studied very much, I resigned myself to be left behind. Nevertheless I succeeded in these examinations.
My boyfriend returned after a long absence.
When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again.
My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he loved me.
When I met my girlfriend - I had not counted on that.
In Southern Tyrol, I was gathering apples, it was a fine day, I was not thinking about anything, I felt an overwhelming joy.
A friend I had missed very much came to see me unexpectedly.
When I worked as an "au-pair-girl" in London, I received a call from a good friend who told me that she was in London too and wanted to see me. I was very glad - after that call and especially when I saw her.
I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very much.
After a one year's stay abroad, I returned home. I was even more glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me.
On our way to France, my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By chance we met an Italian couple - they gave us two tickets for the dress-rehearsal of "Aida". It was a different world for us full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic pizza in a restaurant near the "Arena".
When I was informed that a short story I had written had been accepted for publication.
After 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again.
I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for me, I was very glad.
At a choral concert I appeared as a solist. The concert5 was very good, I forgot all the hard work that had been done before. There remained only an undescribable joy and a feeling of warmth, security etc.
When my brother came back home after staying in hospital. He had undergone an operation which had been a matter of life or death. When he came home I could see him smile for the first time after may weeks.
One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad.
A friend of mine often had difficulties with her parents. Once she had a child she had a better relationship with them.
I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had not seen for two years.
I have a boyfriend and I am very fond of him. When we had our "11-months jubilee", I had forgotten it. But he gave me a red rose.
After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried home hoping he would be there. We embraced - I enjoyed feeling his body.
A party with friends on New Year's Eve.
I went to buy a bicycle with my father. When I wanted to pay, my father took his purse and payed.
Before Christmas I got to know a girl but our relationshop could not consolidate before the holiday. Therefore it was a big surprise to get a carefully hand-made present from her. - Our relationship grew closer.
A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and invited me for a party.
When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for hours. She was in a good mood.
When planning to marry.
When Wayne and Sue (close friends) were announced our guardians at ther wedding.
Getting a part-time job.
When my last year's second semester results came through - I was ecstatic.
When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job, a boyfriend, etc. A specific sutuations, was when I started to date a boy whom I liked for a long time.
When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt well and very happy for being able to express to myself something that was suffocating me.
After my final examination at school I was glad that the examination was over and that I had passed it.
For about one year I had a rather bad relation with my father. Last Christmas Eve he invited me to stay withhim and I was very glad about it. It was a fine evening.
I had a little cat which was very sick. As I liked it very much I went to a veterinary with it. He told me how to tend it and it really recovered its health. Everybody said that I had saved its life.
When I passed my final examination at school.
When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long separation.
On my birthday, an old friend of mine sent me a card. I had not met him for a year and I was very glad that he had thought of me.
A very good friend of mine had been away for three months. When we met again, we ran up to each other and embraced.
Several days after my final examination at school, I was sitting in an airplane on my way to Greece. I enjoyed that moment very much.
My neighbour was not able to set his car in motion because it had snowed heavily. I helped him - he was thankful and invited me.
On my birthday I got a present that I had desired for a long time.
On New Year's Eve I went in a disco with friends. I amused myself and got to know many other people.
I had a singing-lesson, but I was not very good. The last exercise was singing scales. I did that very well and my teacher seemed satisfied.
On my 18th birthday I passed the driving-test. I was glad because I had had to study very much, because I had been lucky and because - as a proof that it was really difficult - not everybody had passed the test.
During my first week in Graz I met a girl who I had got to know in the train from Amsterdam to Graz. Although I had considered her very sympathetic, we had seperated without changing our adresses.
I had not studied very much for my final examination at school, so I had to take an additional examination in French. The oral examination was not very hard for me - the more I was glad when I heard that I had passed it.
My boy-friend told me that he would take me to the training of the life-saving dogs.
To be able to prepare myself better for an important examination, I did not spend the nitht with my girl-friend but in the students' hostel. I had not done that for months. The day when I had the examn, somebody knocked at my door at seven o'clock in the morning. My girl-friend who likes sleeping late, had come to be able to be with me.
After a long time I saw my boy-friend again. 
I thought that I had failed an examination, but when I was informed about the mark, I saw that I had passed it.
When I had a psychical crisis, I met a girl, who told me that she had had almost the same problems and how she had finally overcome them.
Unexpectedly I met some persons who I like very much. Spontaneously they invited me and integrated me within their group, although it was late in the evening.
I had a quarrel with my fiancT. When he admitted his fault, everything was allright. It was then for the first time that he surprised me with coffee and cake and a bunch of flowers.
My sister had a daughter. I saw the baby for the first time through a pane of glass and she looked at me.
When I was 17, I had a mystic vision. I melted into a dazzling light, which omitted perfect love. The physical experience became unimportant, I heard or saw the words "overcome egotism". The feeling of joy remained for month after that experience.
When I was in a situation which seemed hopeless for me, I moved back to my parents. For my father it went without saying anything (normally he ofter grumbles at me).
When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school (with success).
Last year I went to see friends in Yugoslavia - two girls with whom I get along very well.
When we got a young dog.
When I heard that a good friend, who had been abroad for a long time, would come and see me.
I unexpectedly got a present from my father.
I met again a very good friend whom I had not seen for a long time.
My friend came to see me after she had stayed abroad. I waited at the station.
I bought a Christmas present for my girl-friend. On my way home I was really glad about having found such a suitable thing.
I went to fetch my girl-friend at the station. When the train arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me, I felt glad.
On my birthday a friend came to see me unexpectedly and brought me flowers. I usually do not see her very often.
After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had passed all my written examinations.
After I had had a disappointment in my private life, my friend, who studies in Vienna, came to see me spontaneously.
Seeing relations from overseas after a few years.
Emotional reassurances by spouse.
A night spent with a group of friends.
Getting a phone call from a very old friend.
The more than satisfactory result of a recently-completed university subject was communicated to me by phone.
On my birthday, when a very close friend sent me a huge bouquet of flowers.
One of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant. It was spontaneous and lots of fun.
I noticed that Meryl Streep and I had similar cheekbones and jaw structure.
When I was complimented and called "delightful".
My current lover and I had been very busy with work and study and had not had time alone together for almost a month until one afternoon recently when we made love for hours and then showered and ate together.
Blank.
When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an impulsive kiss.
When I thought that my high school love and I had a mutual emotion.
I'd just got the top mark in an exam.
On a sailing boat at night, under a full moon, listening to Pink Floyd, drinking good wine, with good company, the boat being steered by autopilot, and a full eclipse of the moon.
Family member survived an operation.
A close married friend has just had his first child.
Having received an offer to do post-graduate work.
Winning a tight tennis match. One set to play, and the team was behind by 3 games. We won the last set 6-2 and won the match by a game.
Arriving in New Zealand as a teenager - first overseas trip - something "exhilarating" about the change of scenery etc.
Going to a friend's wedding and seeing many of my old friends whom I had known before I moved to a new district five years previously.
After being away on a holiday for 2 months, a friend, who lived interstate, had remembered when I'd get back and phoned to welcome me home on the night of my arrival.
I was captain of the school swimming team. The team was only two points in front before the last relay. We won the relay, which I swam in, and thus my team won the championship.
When I won the "Under 18" Showjumping at the Brookfield Show. The competition was very stiff and there were many riders competing.
Day I received my T.E. score and acceptance into my chosen course. 
Eating biscuits and drinking Milo (Chocolate energy drink made with milk and usually drunk warm) with my friend at College. We get on really well, don't withold any feelings about each other's friends and are pretty good at cheering each other up when we are homesick.
Getting a good mark for a subject I had worked hard at but expected only a moderate mark.
I got a good reaction from my tutor and tutorial group for a presentation I'd given that I was very worried about.
When I received the results from my final examination - Higher School Certificate - and received a mark that was beyond my wildest expectations.
Got through first semester University.
Getting back with my boyfriend after a year away - apart.
When I opened my TE Score envelope, and saw I got into Physiotherapy.
When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to  graduate from their courses.
When my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I had waited a long time for this to occur.
When I saw my brother in Church, and publically accept Jesus Christ as his saviour and Lord.
On holidays - just driving along a road beautiful scenery. Just with my boyfriend - not really talking but just feeling overwhelmed.
Good news about a sick relative.
When I received my TE Score and my acceptance from University - it had been a goal since I left the bank a year earlier.
Can't remember specific event - besides just being moderately happy until a year or so ago.
When finally I found a place to live, I felt relieved, predicting changes in my life, and I became happy.
I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been classified in a national concourse of p... I felt happy and vanity about it.
When I asked my girlfriend to marry me.
When I met a friend that I hadn't seen for some time.
When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now. This was 16 months ago.
When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was extremely official.
When I was admitted to the Sofia University.
I was admitted to the University and a niece was born to me.
My admittance to the University.
Winning Queensland Chess Championship.
Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I like, which revealed that she was more enthusiastic about me than I had thought possible.
Being in love for the first time.
When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of 3's, 4's and 5's (7 is the highest mark awarded, 3 is a conceded pass).
When I was a child, my beloved cat gave birth to four beautiful little kittens. Before she had them, she came up to me and I followed her out, then witnessed them being born.
The weekend after I argued with my parents I went home again and they couldn't have been nicer. As soon as I walked in, Mum kissed me, then Dad, and thanked me for the birthday presents I'd left for him, including a very sentimental birthday card.
Joy of giving birth, and of sharing that joy with my husband. Moments of complete happiness and feelings of so much love.
Receiving notification that I had made a successful application to the Speech Therapy course at Uni, gave me a very good feelig of achievment and joy.
Seeing a close friend who had just returned from twelve months overseas.
When I finished my exams after 12th Grade, I was worried about getting a T.E. Score high enough for Physiotherapy. When I found that I had been accepted I was ecstatic, or more appropriately, could jump for joy.
Two years ago, somebody I like very much wanted to give up his studies. I tried to make him understand the importance of what he was going to do, not only of the difficulty to find a job but also because he will decrease his culture etc. This person made the test to the college entrance examination and to our great joy we found out that he succeded in entering at the University.
When I entered at the University.
When in the end of a semester I got the approval in a matter that I judged very difficult.
The situation in which I felt happiest in my life was when I was with the person I love for the first time.
When I got through the examination for my driver licence, and when I finished I knew I had passed it.
I was in ILHA GRANDE with a wonderful sun, with wonderful people, with a wonderful sea, with a wonderful boy.
I felt happy when my mother borrowed me the car in order to let me go out alone for the first time.
Always when I am well succeded.
When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional life. I valorized very much this aspect. People showed me this possibility, not the real fact (even because until now ...)
When I got a wedding ring of diamond from the boy I loved.
When I met again a great friend and talked a little while with him. When I see again another I miss.
When I entered University.
When I met a girl and asked her for a date and she agreed, (I thought this girl would never like me), this was an emotion of joy.
I felt joy when I red my name in the list of the approved in the entrance college examination.
To have a friend who I didn't see for months, and under the circumstances that I met him made me feel happy, and perhaps because it has been one of the good things that I learned with this friend.
When, after a long time of searching I got my first job.
When a person that I like very much got near to me.
I made the college entrance examinations for P.U.C. It was what I wanted more. When the first list came out I got frustrated. I wasn't in. When the second list came out without hopes I started to read the newspaper and my name was thre. I was in the bus and felt like crying so that everybody could hear me. The cry was hold, and 1982 became forever a mask in my life.
The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in it, for my fiancT and I had bought it yet in plans, and it seemed to us that this was almost impossible to happen.
It was when a friend took me to a place and gave me as a gift my astrologycal map with the explanations of a psychologist.
In a day when at work, in school, and relationships came out as I wanted, and I was recognized in my work.
I was travelling in the South of Brasil, near the end of the year. I was well settled with 3 friends. At the evening of 31 M., somebody, also with us, took from his purse pints of all colours, and the 4 of us, and other friends, that were at the same beach, painted each other and we went to the beach with champagne.
A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to enter on University in Dallas, and was approved.
When I knew about my first job.
When I got a small present form a person I like very much.
When I saw my name in the newspaper and I knew that I entered at the University.
I had a friend who I didn't see for a long time. We had a relationship from much union and interaction. It was more that one year that I didn't see her. She appeared in my home and we talked.
When I got a record as a gift from a friend.
I wanted to go out to walk but I didn't know either where or with whom, suddenly an invitation appeared.
I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell the apartment from GUARUSA, because in some way we were helded by it, that means that we didn't go to any other place, because we had the apartment.
When I discovered that I and my friend would be licensed at the first call. This emotion was accompanied by a great relief. It was the coronation of a year of sacrifice and extrene discipline.
I felt joy when I entered at the University.
A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved, sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday.
After making an effort to enter at University I found a course and a school of higher education which were compatible with my experience and potentiality.
I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and discovered how many people considered me important to them.
I didn't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which I had been waiting.
The day that my boyfriend appeared at home with a pair of rings for our wedding.
When people remember us and shows interest about what we do.
I felt glad to live again when I went to a meeting about the "Knowledge". There are 4 techniques of meditation that connect you with the essence of the human being.
When I bought my car.
The birth of my daughter.
I found a human "treasure" that I desired and got immediately. I didn't think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I am whole.
One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a motorcycle through my own efforts.
When I got a stereo walkman from my father when he had finacial difficulties. I thought that although he promised to give me that present, he was not obliged to do so.
When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend, coming back home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time.
I was in the living room at home with an ex-boyfriend, it was nearly a year that we had separated, during the talk he began to remember our courting and gave me a long kiss.
Always when I meet the person I love.
When I entered in the University after a year of struggles.
A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I feel joy for her mainly.
When I met my mother after months of absence.
I got a present from a great friend (a dog).
When I can see my parents because now I am far from them.
When I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire.
I have a new born child.
I felt joy most strongly some years ago, when I took part in a NH Competition and I was the first.
When my nephew was born. The birth was hard, it was a big baby.
Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close friends of mine.
An encounter with a man whom I love, after a very long separation.
At a success of mine, at a real achievement.
For the first time in my life telling someone I loved them.
When I met my boyfriend and we discovered that we shared the same ideals and goals in life, and that we could share all our feelings and thoughts and felt that the world's not so bad when you have someone really close to share your life with.
When I passed the driving test after three failures.
For instance when a girl is interested in me and likes me.
I sensed this feeling when I passed successfully the second tour of a competition.
I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my friend and my fiancT, I was happy because of their spiritual and moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then, I felt it in my soul.
That was what I felt when I was finally accepted in the Bulgarian Conservatorie after I had applied a couple of years.
My boyfriend made me a proposal.
When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain.
When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was informed by a message and my parents congratulated me.
When you are satisfied with something, when you achieve something you have striven to.
Having passed an exam.
I'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most of all when we are at a party.
I experienced it when I was accepted at the Medical Higher Institute.
After each successfully passed exam I am happy.
After the term exams I happened to meet a person that I respect and of whom I think very highly. It was nice that although we see each other rarely he had not forgotten me.
I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. Because everything turned out different from my expectations. Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a student only when I didn't expect it at all, namely at the beginning of September.
Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great.
Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They were special people to me.
When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night out in 20 years.
I was seriously injured in a road accident. The very first steps I took with only one crutch to support me I felt so good. I enjoy being alive.
When I found out that a set task (i.e. 2 essays and a test), the thought of which had oppressed me, were not on the date I had thought.
When, for example, I was in my eleventh school year and I learned I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature National Olympiad.
Some time ago a close relative of mine got off cheap with the worst.
Realizing one's desire, an experienced feeling of satisfaction from the realization of one's desires and aims.
I won a sport contest.
When my son was born.
Meeting a loved man.
I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the University. I was at home, the atmosphere was still, though I myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When the telephone rang and...! Yes, of course there were other situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of them.
When I was admitted to the University.
When I understood that I was admitted to the University.
A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him.
When I understood I was admitted to the Sofia University.
I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of practice, at a contest, I covered the norms for "a master of sports".
When I was admitted to the University.
When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively.
I passed successfully the preliminary exam for a participation in the children Assembly.
Bulgaria won a football match against France.
I felt joy when my two twin sisters were born.
The period when I was pregnant and when I gave birth to my son. I can say those were the happiest months in my life.
I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty days.
When I was admitted to the University.
The day when my son said for the first time "mummy".
The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression, as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I don't exclude the situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me, it's out of me.
My son was born.
After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I passed my last exam.
When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often happenes.
I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love with me.
When I met with friends that I hadn't seen for a long time.
Six months ago when I got acquaintanced with a person whom I trusted infinitely and from whom I expected help and friendly feelings. With him I found much in common - in our views and in our fate.
When I was accepted as a student.
I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was not afraid to face death, that I also helped a little to relieve the pains of a patient.
When I knew that my husband and I were going to have a child.
I was very happy when I got the message that I had been accepted as a student in medicine.
When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me alone for a few years.
When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many people about my applying for this institute and I decided to prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any preparatory couse. That is - I proved what I could do on my own.
When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most - floriculture (this is a narrow specialization from the general one).
I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard about it over the phone, I didn't believe it at first.
I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry examination.
I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at the Higher Agricultural Institute.
After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he feels glad.
I was sitting for an exam in biochemistry, I was very excited because it was a supplementary examination. I passed the exam very well and was glad because I recovered my selfconfidence.
When I succeded in establishing a contact with a girl (who is now my girlfriend).
I feel joy usually after each taken exam, the last one was in February.
When I was admitted to the Higher Institute.
I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural Institute.
I was for the first time on a brigade this year. At that time my sister was to bear a child. I was mad with joy when I opened the telegram from my parents and learned I had a nephew.
Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second birthday.
I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for a long period, my father came back home.
When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a kindergarten.
Being invited out by a person I wished to get closer to. He telephoned and invited me to go out with him the next night.
Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job. She wasn't confident of handling the situation so was thinking  of leaving the job only after 2 days employment.
Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes.
When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last 3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for Council.
My 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984.
When my daughter was born.
Being reunited with my family after not having seen them for 5 years, at the airport. Sheer elation at getting through the "paper work" collecting bags and the anticipation of coming through the customs gate.
My mother along with some of my friends gave me a surprise birthday party - they invited a large number of my friends along too.
Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for pharmacy completed.
Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process which have been going on for centuries.
Letting Jesus take control of my emotions i.e., ill feeling.
My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she asked me.
Joy at meeting a woman I love very much.
When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again.
A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the time for an informal "greeting" in the church service. She said a few words.
My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted to me and suggesting we write, talk and get together and see how things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it was really good - though really insane conversation.
Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in contact again.
The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and experienced God's forgiving grace and cleansing power - total enlightenment and freedome - bliss.
First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved emotionally.
Hearing that I had been successful in getting a position whereby my financial, physical, spiritual and emotional needs will be well catered for. This position fulfils a lot of my aims for the last five years of my life.
Hearing Fran Wilde introduce the Bill.
Won a prize for effort.
I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A guy called and said, in effect, that I was "nice" and he liked me. Hence the emotional joy.
Winning a rowing race at a Karapiro regatta. With 7 other friends.
When I won a position on the track-team for the trans-tasman games when I was eleven.
Easter holiday - I had been working weekends and had just left.
Getting my kitten, found at work several years ago, taking him home in a box on my motorbike, showing it to my defacto.
When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing after several months absence (I was not needed during this time).
At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging that fact to members of family and friends.
Waking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself.
When my first niece was born.
When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank and danced.
Birth of children.
Thought had discovered true love.
Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had previously wished to understand better.
Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed terribly.
I was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from living somewhere out of town and I hadn't seen her for months. We are very close sisters.
When my brother who has been out of New Zealand for 10 years came to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously met.
When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I was very important to him. I had always wanted us to get back together again, but had doubted the likelihood of this, so I was very happy when my small amount of faith was vindicated.
I did a solo flight from Ardmore to Kaikohe before I got my pilot licence. I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a natural high, cruising up the coast with my maps and compasses and gear. Other pilots had seen me off and wished me good luck and it was a real adventure.
A holiday at a whitesand deserted beach. A cool evening near the end of summer and we had a fire in the sand - toasted marshmellows, cuddled and drank champagne.
Winning a race that I had been training for, for many weeks. (Running Race).
Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2 fourth movement at my sister's wedding.
Seeing my sister after about 2 years of not seeing her. Only spent 1 hour or so before she was off overseas with her husband for 3 months.
Talking with someone I admire a lot.
I was "best man" at my brother's wedding a year ago.
Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage.
When I found out I had passed all of my university exams.
When I received my U.E. accredited as I was totally unexpecting it and I was so happy.
I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading.
Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from boarding school on accrediting leave.
The birth of my first child.
I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long period of bad beather, afterwards we spent the evening and night together.
When passing the final examinations for social worker.
A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go on holiday.
At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it proved that I succeeded the second year of my study.
I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I have done things good in relation to other people especially when my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him.
When my boyfriend came back after being away for 10 days.
When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very good and we were very satisfied.
At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor.
When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final of the Europe Cup at Athens.
The day I finished my military service.
When I won the first prize in a cross country race.
When I passed the last exam, which I had doudts about.
When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people and close friends.
When on holiday in Greece I called my best friend, she told me she passed the examinations and that she had been admitted to the study for speech therapy.
It appeared that I gave correct answers to all questions during an examination of personality while I thought I performed very badly. Even now, I don't know how I managed it.
Unofficially I was informed about my results of the final examination of the secondary school. A teacher wrote them up for me. When I went outside, I started crying with joy.
When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our holiday together.
When I passed the driving test (on the second try).
When I started a relation with a girl, with whom I have fallen in love already some time ago.
I felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to move up to the second year course.
I liked to see off my aunt (from Zaire) to the airport. That appeared to be impossible because I had to go to school. For long time I wasn't sure if I could accompany her. Two days before the departure they told me I was allowed to miss school.
When I had to undergo the final examination of secondary school, I lived together with a girlfriend. We both were afraid to fail, but it appeard that we both had passed.
Passing my driver's examination (after two failures).
When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was pregnant.
Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of Nijmegen) for a while.
A fellow player, quite unexpectedly, scores a goal, which means a draw.
When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a period in which he felt very depressive.
When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics.
I had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends.
This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact a few years ago.
I thought that someone was angry with me but, by hindsight, that didn't appear to be the case, he even liked me.
A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship).
When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near.
Passing an examination, although I felt sure I had failed.
The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.
"Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your uncle is coming back fron Canada next week," my father told me and it was a happy moment.
I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind at school and I was only in form II then.  
My 21st birthday celebration, when I cut the cake and received the presents.
A recurrent lovesickness.
When I passed a very important exam.
I went to visit friends and it was very companionable.
Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening around me which pleases me.
My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport.
When I got my drivers licence.
Every year during carnival I am very joyful I have an intense feeling of happiness then.
When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And most important she also liked me.
When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to talk about old memories. I hadn't seen him for 8 years.
Occurs frequently. A recent experience: when going out with many friends, nice music, after the examinations, I felt so happy I could have embraced everybody.
I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep and eat for one week.
I was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have.
When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit.
After I saw my family and good friends back after staying one year in a foreign country. 
When I go out with my friend with enough money and good sense to our favorite dancing.
When I made the winning goal during a very important football game.
