When I realized that I was directing the feelings of discontent with myself at my partner and this way was trying to put the blame on him instead of sorting out my own feeliings.
When I was tired and unmotivated, I shouted at my girlfriend and and brought up negative sides of her character which are actually not so important.
When one has been unjust, stupid towards someone else. 
[ Same as above - friends who torture animals.]
When I saw my 18 year old son grab an oxygen mask as he had breathing difficulties.  I had a bad conscience because I had not stopped smoking.  Medication for the dilation of his breathing tubes also caused a sense of guilt in me.
When, as an adult I have been caught lying or behaving badly.
I lied, to be precise I cancelled a meeting with a good friend.
My elder brother and I have not always had a good relationship and I feel ashamed of myself as I do not call him to talk to him nowadays.
I told a friend that I was going to a party and he would not enjoy himself if he came along.  He understood  that he would not have fitted in and there was something in that.
My friend was so intoxicated that the police came and took him away, and they later contacted his parents.
When my friend and I were discussing the good looks of a guy we realized that he had been listening.
Nearly caught masturbating.
When I dropped a bottle in the state liquor store and everyboby started laughing.
The discovery that one has only thought of oneself.
When I promised to help a friend over a weekend and did not keep the promise.
When my boyfriend revealed that he knew that I had discovered things of an important nature about him, I felt ashamed as I had not mentioned it earlier.
When I had not prepared my contribution to the group as thoroughly as the other members, with the result that the overall result was poor.
When I met a friend whom I had not seen for a long time and heard all about her troubles, I thought that I should have got in touch with her earlier.
One night I had a sexual intercourse with another man.  My sexual desire and my curiosity had made me jump into bed with him.  I am ashamed of myself now.
My inability to assert myself positively in a group.
I guess I have often been ashamed after having talked badly of other people.
Can't think of any.
When we were at home, my husband and I, he made a remark about something I had done, in a perfectly friendly manner.  My deed had been unjust and I knew that my husband was right, therefore my sense of shame.
Once I arrived two hours late to my work place (a bank) and I was still feeling feeble and tired.
I was worried by a task related to my studies which had to be done in groups of two.  I was talking about it to my friends when I said something negative, in too abrupt a manner, concerning my work partner.  I did not quite mean what I said and I felt ashamed at having been mean enough to criticize him as he is also a friend of mine.
My little brother was arrested by the police at the railway station after he had drunk some beer.
After having quarelled unnecessarily and without any reason, and having been stupidly cross in every way.
[ Do not know.]
When I overtook a car on the mainroad, misjudging the distance of an oncoming car and this resulted in tooting and flashing from the other driver (we could have collided), and I had an acquaintance in the car with me.
When I forgot my mother's birthday.
I drink wine too often.
I can not think of any incident when I have felt very ashamed.  There are small incidents that I am ashamed of, for instance, not sending money to the children in Ethiopia.
When I boxed my child's ears.
Emptied a bucket of water in a hospital.
When I did not buy what I had promised to.
I complained about a colleague's behaviour as she goes back on her word, is often absent and is irresponsible.  I found out that she was an alcoholic and was trying to fight againt her addiction.
My mother revealed personal details about me and the negative aspects of my character to other people when I was present but unable to defend myself.
When I dated a close girlfriend's boyfriend a few times. He told me that it was over between them and I accepted it.  When she found out she finished our friendship.
[ Cannot recall any incident when I felt shame.]
At primary school, when I vomited in front of others in the middle  of a lesson.
When I made the same mistake that I had accused someone else of, and this was obvious to a third pereson.
When I was caught stealing money from my father.
When my mother caught me masturbating.
When I complained to my mother about how untidy the kitchen loooked, she boxed my ears ( this had never happened before).
When I asked a friend to return the money that I had loaned her and then remembered that she had repayed me in several ways.
When I forgot about a meeting at work.
When I as a child of 9 or 10 I was playing doctor with the neighbours boys their mother caught us.
Spots on the seat covers of my husband's car.
Confession to my parents about my involvement in a moped theft.
When I talked maliciously about a colleague at work to someone else.  Immediately afterwards I felt ashamed.
I made a comment and it was interpreted completely differently from what I had meant.  When I said it I realized how my mother had understood it.
When I was a child it was found out that I had taken off my clothes outdoors.  It was summer and my friend and I were out in the woods.  It had felt exciting at that time.  My parents discovered that my trousers were back to front and I felt ashamed.
When relatives have acted strangely, and unfriendly towards me.
A customer at the shop where I worked came in and asked if the goods that he had ordered had arrived.  I had totally forgotten about this order and I tried to offer weak excuses.
When I was an evening school teacher it was my job to make the coffee but I was not able to get the coffee ready on time and I thus arrived half an hour late to the class.  On top of this the coffee was undrinkable.
When as an 8 year old, I wet myself in school.
When I stole a packet of cigarettes from a neighbour  and the next day I owned up and returned it.
When I was 13 years old I wrote passionate love letters to my boyfriend and I later found out that his sister had read them.
About Sweden's arms exports.
When friends found out that I had been lying about where I had been on a particular occasion.
When I was young, about 6 or 7, I did not make it to the toilet on time.  I hid the dirty trousers in the cellar as I feared itbeing discovered by my parents.
On the train a drunk person touched my baby and I reacted very disapprovingly.  I felt ashamed later as the person had not been aggressive though he could have been.
When I was given detention at secondary school.
My behaviour at a recent party.  I passed out early, luckily.
When I excreted on the mat instead of the potty.
I fell on the ground while crossing the street.  My cap covered my eyes and I felt quite "difficult".
I insulted a couple of good friends of mine and even tried to hit them when I was drunk.  The next day, I was ashamed of course.
I was wearing slippery shoes and I tumbled down in a place where there were many people walking by.
I lied to someone and some time later this person found out that I had not told him the truth.
I had lied to a person because I had thought that I could not tell him the truth. When he found out he was not angry but understanding. We talked the whole thing over.
Quite recently I realized that I had had some erroneous views about life. For instance, I had always lived for other people, had forgotten my own person and suppressed my own feelings. I was ashamed because I had not been concious of that until I had a conversation about it with a person.
I was working in a job in which I could not work quickly enough, and was told that my work was not up to standard.
When I got a bad result for one of my assignments.
At using other people, because of sexual experience that was using another to the detriment of both. Anxiety that I may have affected another for the worst.
My mother told my uncle who is a Roman Catholic Priest (Redemptist Father) that I had been living in a de-facto relationship for three years. He was very, very angry at me.
[ Do not remember any situation of that kind.]
The day after the night I drank too much at a party.
[ Do not know.]
[ Can not think of anything.]
[ I do not remember when I last felf ashamed.  I do not usually feel ashamed of what I do.]
Comments from other children on my alcoholic father
Hit a dog with my car, and didn't stop.
An exam where questions about very specific knowledge were asked.
Stealing from my mother's purse when I was a little boy.
I entered the wrong room, and got into a bed where someone already was sleeping.
When the cast general election resulted in Norway getting a conservative government.
I was talking badly about a person to some friends, and discovered that his daughter was listening.
Cheating to get the best grade on a test in 7th grade.
I overreacted towards my mother and felt ashamed afterwards.
Feeling inadequate in a group situation, being unable to convey my own thoughts and feelings.
I was making very strong statements about infidelity in couples. Then I discovered that one of my best friends, who had just been through a very sad case of mutual infidelity, was listening.
If I don't go to lectures, I often feel ashamed.
When taking part in the mobbing of one of my best friends in primary school.
Taking part in the mobbing of some girls in my class in primary school.
My father died after two very painful weeks in bed. I felt relieved, and was ashamed of that.
Was accused of having hidden intentions in a situation when I believed I was acting honestly and fairly.
Doesn't apply.
Can't remember that feeling.
Being caught in changing the truth (lying).
I woke up at the house of someone I knew, not remembering very much about what had been said or done during the party on the previous night.
Participating in a theft several years ago.
Telling friends about how my parents had been treating my brothers and sisters unfairly.
When I got really drunk on Norvegian Indipendence Day, and was not allowed to participate in football (soccer) games for two weeks. That was very unpleasant.
My father was a member of the public Alcohol and Drugs Board, when I was picked up by the police for being drunk in a public place.
At a private party I literally fell into the food. The party was completely ruined for the host, carpets had to be cleaned, etc.
Forgetting an important appointment.
When unjustified hurting other people.
I lost my driver's licence because of speeding.
Talking about a person's unattractiveness, not realizing that the person was listening.
Forgot to do some shopping that I had promised to do.
Having finally to admit I was wrong, after having denied it for a long time.
Was caught stealing apples in a neighbor's garden.
Fighting with my father while drunk.
When I confessed to my girl-friend (now my wife) that I had betrayed her with another woman.
A conflict with a pupil and there were probatory teachers present.
On a social occasion, I noticed that I reacted on the basis of my autonomous nerve system (I could not help it).
We got into a fight with some chaps in front of our family house. The value of the property destroyed was approximately 15 000 FIM. I felt ashamed when my parents came to know about this.
At the funeral of my uncle, I was one of the bearers.  I was not familiar with the etiquette and acted tactlessly because of my ignorance.
When I lied to my girlfriend, telling her that I had passed an exam, when I actually did not even take it.
I saw a skid-row (chronical) alcoholic and I was ashamed of the people with a high standard of living.
A man asked me: "May I sleep in your stairway?"  and I answered "No".
I had promised to help out with domestic chores and I forgot about it.
I made a major mistake while learning how to use a computer programme and the teacher criticized me.
I slandered a person behind his back and he got to know about it.
I arrived late at a seminar concerning my major subject at university, although I had been appointed to formally oppose the paper which was being presented.
A truth expressed unthinkingly at a coffee party.  I realized later that I had been inconsiderate, at a wrong moment and the wrong place.
When my friend let my personal matters be publicaly known.
My girlfriend was away visiting another city and I brought another girl home. Next morning when I started getting sober I felt quite ashamed of myself.
On the way back from a Summer spent in Sweden, I drunk with a man in the train.  I had drunk so much that when I got home I fell asleep in the entrance hall.  I have never drunk that much, neither before nor after that incident.  I was ashamed because my mother and my sister had to see me in that state and my father had to carry me to bed.
While quarelling with a fellow worker of mine, I was vehement and irritated and I told him what I thought of him in plain language.  I was ashamed of myself when I met him the next day.
As a little girl, I was sick in the middle of a school day and I vomitted in the basin of the classroom.
When I forgot a promise made to a friend of mine.
At school I was talking to a classmate about mathematics.  I had grown weary of it and said : "I would like to throw the book on the arse of Kuikka".  My classmate said : "Now, he is sitting there and waiting for the book" (Kuikka was one of the most quiet boys of the class).  I was ashamed of myself.
I had promised to lend something to my mother-in-law and I forgot it a couple of times.  When she asked me about it the third time, I was ashamed at my absent-mindedness.
As a child when I was blamed for peeing in the swimming-pool.
The morning after a wild party.
I was talking to a friend of mine about our parents and education.  I said something and then realized that I did not know my friend's parents, their motives and education.  I felt ashamed at having talked about something I did not know anything about.
I thought I would be able to use the mangle of the house, and so I did not want any help.  However, I blocked it and I had to get the janitor to help me out.  He reproached me for not having followed the instructions
I was carried away while talking about my visits abroad and I tended to boast a little, till I realized that the listener was amused.
Badly chosen words to a vague acquaintance of mine made me feel ashamed at having given the wrong impression about what I wanted to say.  Thoughtlessness.
I said something especially stupid which I did not mean at all.
When I was on holiday with my former boyfriend, he hit me and behaved in a very evil and ugly manner in front of the hotel personnel.
When I was caught telling a white lie.  At that time, I was not allowed to stay outdoors after 8 p.m.  One day when I was late, I made up a story that our neighbour had invited me to his place, though I had actually forgotten about the time while playing with my pals.
Again, a quarrel had come up in our difficult relationship.  My life-partner threw all the books off the shelf.  I am sure that it disturbed our neighbours since this happened late in the night.
In an express bus I sat on a seat meant for senior citizens and invalids.
When I approached a person of the opposite sex and was rejected.
An argument that grew out of an ordinary conversation with a person very close to me, when we should have been having a good time together.
[ Generally, when I am late in attending to matters (for example paying bills).]
I feared that I would have to describe my sexual life to an older, strange woman.
I failed an exam which I thought I would certainly pass.
When I noticed that a person I found attractive had seen me picking my nose.
When after having had sexual intercourse with a friend, I thought that he had told about it to a friend of his.
I told evil lies about a close friend of mine.  I was evil in order to sound jolly, to charm a person whom I wanted to impress.  I sold my friend, I was despicable.
I was dishonest to my boyfriend concerning something that is important to our relationship.
After our sad first of May party, I felt ashamed because the friends who had been invited had to suffer.  We, the organizers of the party, did not drive the intruders away.
While playing I urinated on grandma's floor and did not go to the lavatory.  My cousin told grandma and she came.
My love and me rented a room in a hotel one evening.  We stayed there a few hours and when leaving the hotel, I felt ashamed.
My boyfriend's mother, whom I had not met earlier, made an unexpected visit.  I was lying lazily on the bed, reading a newspaper and my boyfriend was studying.
I told some acquaintances of mine something that I regretted later.
When I realized that I had been wrong about a person close to me, because of pre-set ideas and prejudices.
After an event in which I felt that I had acted unfairly.
I told my friend about how I had calculated my salary by cheating a little.  When my friend remarked about it, I understood that it was wrong to do so, and I felt ashamed.
[ Sometimes I have by accident said to another person something in which it is easy to read a negative attitude.]
While working as a domestic helper, one day I had not cleaned up very well and they made a remark about it.
I had been away all night without having told my parents about it.  In the morning when I came home, my mother looked tired.  She said that she had been awake all night because of me and that she was angry and disappointed.
I feel guilty as I am not working, and even my studies are not progressing.
My friend told me in a fairly loud voice the blunders she committed last night.
When I was seven years old, I stole a chewing-gum from a big glass bowl on the counter of a nearby shop, and I got caught.
I gave a wrong answer at school.
While attending some affairs, which were taking some time, with a bank officer, I felt that my clothes and appearance were out of place, too raggy.
I tried to date a girl, but she refused.
In primary school I once faltered while answering a question and the others started laughing.
I had misbehaved at a party and did not wish to meet the person in question later.
When I was going downhill on skis, and fell down twice the first time.
As a small boy, I took a coin from an empty taxi cab.  My mother saw it and told the driver about it.  I even knew the driver.
I had an intimate relation with my boyfriend, but unfortunately we had sexual problems; therefore I deceived him, but I was ashamed when I told my friend about it.
I was very fat and felt absolutely unwell. I was afraid of leaving the house and getting to know new people.
I put an end to a friendship with a girl - I had only pretended love and affection to be able to sleep with her.
There was a time when my room looked terribly untidy; just at that time my aunt came to see me; fortunately I could prevent her from entering the room.
Somebody who knows me very well discovered that I had told him a lie.
In our flat the bath-tub is in the kitchen. At the beginning I had very intensive feelings of shame when I had a bath and people were in the kitchen.
I think I felt ashamed for the first time when I entered a night club.
When my father came into the bathroom and saw me standing there naked.
When I was a child, I thought that I had to be ashamed when asking and doing certain forbidden things.
When I went to a sauna with my father for the first time (I was 16). When I entered the sauna naked, I felt ashamed for a short time.
When I talked to a psychotherapist for the first time, I started to cry; first I talked to him but he did not say anything and after a while I was crying.
When I had to go to the gynecologist and to sit on that special chair, I felt ashamed.
A friend started to insult another person without reason and I felt ashamed of her behavior.
In a restaurant, I made the acquaintance of a boy who always told the same things in a very loud voice. I laughed and said to him that he always repeated the same things. Some time later I heard that he had undergone a complicated brain operation.
A friend of mine has not very much money. Therefore, once I stayed with him and his girlfriend, I bought some meat, but nobody wanted to go and prepare it for dinner. My friend said "I thought you wanted to invite us for dinner". "Of course", I said, but I thought by myself that it must have been enough that I had bought it.
I played in a stage play. Suddenly, in front of 200 people, I could not remember the words I had to say.
It was in a group situation: suddenly it was my turn to say something, 
but I felt that I was not able to express myself very well - I felt ashamed and blushed.
I tried to pass an examination particularly well, but I did it worse than ever. I felt ashamed.
My P.T. instructor also works as a masseur. He wanted to massage me, therefore I had to undress. For the first few times this was not easy for me; I got gradually used to it.
For a medical check-up, we - boys and girls - had to take off our clothes with the exception of our underwear. Then we had to go into another classroom where older pupils were sitting and staring at us.
I took the tram without paying. There were many people around me when I was caught by a controller. I felt ashamed but also angry.
Some men were talking about me and my sister.
When I was a child I played my mother a nasty trick to make her feel hurt.
At school I was bad in mathematics. Although my teacher had admonished me to do my homework, one day I had forgotten to do it. When my teacher noticed it, I blushed and was ashamed to be rebuked in front of the other pupils.
When I was ten years old a classmate laughed at me because I had told him that my father had retired.
I went for a walk with a very close friend; we were talking about our problems, I told her lies.
At a weekend's seminar my trousers suddenly burst, therefore I was prevented from participating in several activities.
When I went to the sauna for the first time and there were men and women.
When I was about seven or eight I was caught having stolen a doll's dress from my next-door neighbour.
After failing a second attempt at Med 4, following a number of difficult personal circumstances.
When harassed by this boy - it was sexual (refer to GUILT).
Falling over.
In a party of friends I got completely drunk.
I felt ashamed when in a certain occasion I had to read a text and didn't stop stuttering.
When I wanted to kiss a friend and didn't succeed, I felt shame.
When somebody suddenly said something (about me) at a wrong moment and I didn't agree (at that exact moment I was needing an extremely positive word).
When my mother surprised me while masturbating.
Once I spoke without thinking very much - it was quite a nonsense.
I came home from a party rather drunk. I said things I would never have said normally. Next morning I was terribly ashamed about what I had said.
During the oral part of my final examination I made a mistake in speaking so that all the teachers laughed at me.
When I had a Latin examination in school.
In school I was very bad in running long distances and my class-mates laughed at me for this reason.
After a party I spent the night with a friend. We both were drunk, the morning was disillusioning. A friend was me leaving the room and I felt shabby and immoral.
I put my head into the pullover of a girl to see her breasts. The girl looked at me so that I felt ashamed.
I had to go to the doctor's because of a veneral disease. I told the doctor that I must have been infected by my boy-friend. This was not true, but I was ashamed to tell the truth.
At a cross-country race I wanted to take a short-cut (which is not allowed). I was caught and disqualified. All my friends had observed that.
Some time ago we had a tournament in our tennis-club. For tactical reasons I was chosen to play against a much weaker player than I am. Although it would have been enough simply to win the game, I defeated him extremely. This would not have been necessary.
I asked my friend to come with me to a disco because I wanted to be with a person I know well. But when I amused myself with others I let my friend sit alone, although I had asked her to come.
It was the time when everybody spoke about and discussed Hainburg. I was also asked for my opinion. I was ashamed because I had no firm view of the whole thing and therefor was not able to join the conversation.
At a carneval-party I smooched with a man - some days later I was rather ashamed for that.
My mother and my grandmother were talking about one of my grandmother's friends whom I hardly know. I gave some deprecatory comments on him whereupon my grandmother told me that the man had died recently.
When I had slept with a boy for the first time I felt ashamed for three reasons. First, because I was only 13 years old, second, because I did not really like him, third, because he had caught me napping.
When I was a child, my uncle came to see us. I spit at him and ran out - I do not know the reason for that. My father came after me and insisted on my apologizing.
I spent an evening with my girl-friend. When we wanted to go to bed I was totally drunk. Next morning I felt rather ashamed.
When I bought new skis; I was ashamed to tell the assistant that I am not good at skiing and therefor bought racing skis.
I was sitting in a restaurant with friends. They asked me something which they thought I should know. Actually I know it, but at that time I was not able to remember it.
When I was 6 or 7 years old, I pulled down the trousers of a friend because I wanted to know what she looked like. My mother watched that and (as a punishment) sent me into the house. We never spoke about that; I think it was as embarassing for her as it was for me. 
I went to see a friend. There were other people, too, and everybody brought some present. I was the onlyone who brought nothing. My friend was very hospitable and did not show anything - although I knew how he felt.
My boyfriend had drunk too much and beaten me. When I had to show the letter the door, which was almost crashed, I felt ashamed.
I am left-handed. When I attended the first form, we learned to write with pens. I smeared everything I had written. All my friends had written well and wanted to know why the teacher was looking at my note-book. I was ashamed.
When I was 12 years old, some friends of our family had come to watch TV. I lay on the floor and moved my pelvis. When the other people had gone, my mother told me that it had looked as if I had wanted to make sex.
I look up to my Karate-teacher. When I came to a training lesson after I had not trained for one week, I was totally stiff. I was ashamed.
When I made a fool at an examination.
I had to pay a fine because of speeding.
When I was a child, I had a medical check-up. I had to undress myself and was examined by several doctors.
When I was a child: I had told my mother a lie and she found it out.
Some persons, who are important for me, came to see me and I had not washed the dishes.
When I stayed on a nudism beach, a man was watching me in a disagreeable way. I had the feeling that he was examining my body.
After an oral examination I shook the professor's hand, but he had only stretched it out for my ball-point-pen.
My girl-friend and I live in one flat with another couple. We get along very well and usually we share everything. Once we two were sitting in our room and eating a cake when the others came in.
During a discussion I said something rather stupid and unnecessary.
When I broke the piggy bank of my brother and my mother discovered that.
Once I went home totally drunk and roused all our neighbours from sleep.
When my boy-friend left me and I wanted to persuade him to stay.
Parents finding out I smoked.
Caused fault in V.C.R. by not following instructions carefully.
On one occasion whilst engaging in horseplay with my girlfriend, I caused her to be physically harmed.
The mother of a small child found me shaking the child in exasperation, because I couldn't get it to sleep.
I had promised to contact a friend about a particular matter by a certain date, then thought no more about it until the friend reminded me after the date had passed.
When I realised that I had become too emotionally involved with the person I'm going out with, and when I began to like someone else and questioned whether I really care about person I'm with.
I am ashamed of the horrible way I used to treat my little sister.
I do not seem to feel emotion such as shame, guilt or fear - far out !
I had been rude to my mother at a time when she needed comforting, not anger (death of my sister).
Upon returning from a journey of about two weeks duration, I found that a collection of pornographic literature had been removed from my room I had previously thought that no one was aware of the existence of this material.
During an argument an acquaintance accused me of having insulted her parents by having had sex in their house which they overheard.
I feel shame every time I think of very dear friends of mine abroad who were family to me for a year, and now 2 years later, I have attempted, but have not actually gone through with corresponding with them, to express my feelings and gratitude.
When I woke up after a night of drinking I couldn't remember and discovered several untoward things had occurred.
I was walking outside the union refec after rain when I tripped and fell.
Following heavy stirring / ridiculing a close friend who was very vulnerable to such attack - inspiring fierce, defensive counter-attack.
Caught cheating on a diet.
Cheating in a minor geography exam at school.
Having had a very heated argument with my sister - I began hitting her about the head with a newspaper I was holding.
After making a joke about a friend's marriage that was too personal.
No specific instances - perhaps having lied as a child resulting in someone else being blamed for the event.
When my best friend foud out I'd been lying about something I'd been doing behind her back.
A friend giving me an expensive Christmas gift while I gave her a cheap one.
Had a very good friend. We grew apart I found myself running her down to other friends.
When I hadn't studied for an exam, so I pretended to be sick so I wouldn't have to go to school. I lied to my mother - she realized I had been lying when she got home from work and found that I had been over to a friend's place.
When my mother asked me to do a job for her which does not require much effort on my part, yet I refused for selfish reasons and saw her have to do it.
A girl I was with yelled something out to this group of guys I knew. It sounded really childish.
Several years ago I was caught riding the train without a ticket. The station-mistress treated me like a criminal almost.
Getting slightly intoxicated at the 1984 I.C.C. Ball.
When I was little and didn't own up to placing a lolly on the varnish, this pulled it all off and I didn't admit my guilt.
I bacame involved with a boy for a very brief moment not because I liked him but because I needed some sort of company. The consequences weren't as I expected and caused me much shame.
Sending pictures home when I'd put on so much weight.
When I was little - Mum caught me telling a lie about who broke the cup.
When my friends were rude to a girl. 
When I told my sister I had slept with my boyfriend, and she at first was mad at me I then felt shame for this act, but not guilt.
I allowed my then boyfriend to touch me, if only briefly.
When Dad went to a Sports Day and was the only parent there, and he was cheering for us.
Lying to a friend about something that was trivial.
Felt it after I spoke terribly (got mad at) the person who is the most important in my life.
When my new jeans split while I was with the youth group.
One of my best friends'fiancT broke off the relationship because his feelings for me were stronger than for her. I felt the same for him, but did not really encourage him to leave her or stay with her - still felt shame.
A situation where we were the center of attention, and things happened without my control on them, that showed our disagreement, and ignorance.
A day when I was getting out of the shower I covered only the front part of my body with a towel (I was 7 years old), and I didn't see that my cousin was in the room.
I felt it when I felt that I was being observed as an object of pleasure (sexual) when I opened and took off a shirt in a classroom at P.V.C.
In a fight with my girlfriend in a luncheonette where everybody stared at me in such a way that I had to leave it.
I confused a girl with another.
Once as a school girl I was copying at a class work and my teacher spotted me.
When I was a school girl and I copied at a class work.
When I have a plain appearance.
I was unaware that I had walked the streets in torn trousers.
I lied to a friend.
When bathing at surf beach & lost togs.
I felt something akin to shame after a heavy night of drinking, along with waking up with a woman I had just met whose husband was an epileptic. I was later to know that she knew my mother.
As a child - being sent to the shop by mother - buying some chocolate - getting caught by mother.
Saying something quite rude, but in jest, about a photograph of someone, but it didn't quite turn out that way.
Because I was lazy and unthoughtful I did not get into contact with a very close friend when she shifted from the Gold Coast to Brisbane, for a month, despite her efforts to contact me. I felt shamed when I finally confronted her again.
First weekend back home after one week at Uni I scolded one of my sister's best friends for using our telephone. Very silly, but I was annoyed because she was there at a time when I needed to be with my family.
I can't remember ever feeling shame.
I recently became sexually involved with my sister's lover. I care for him very much, but I am ashamed of the hurt I may cause her.
I slept with a man purely because I found him physically attractive and was under the influence of alcohol.
I went to visit Montrose home for crippled children to interview a handicapped child. I interviewed two boys and it went really well. I promised I would visit them, but never got the time. Now I hope they've forgotten me, but I feel ashamed of letting them down.
In a school parting we agreed to go to a restaurant. We met at school and we separated us in several cars. My car broke and we arrived late. All those who already had arrived stand up and applauded us when we entered two hours late. All the restaurant attention was turned on us.
When the teacher asked me to read my composition that was the homework I stood up and invented one because I hadn't done it. A colleague saw that in my copy book there was nothing written and he accused me and so I was called in the director's room.
One day in the intimity with my girlfriend I had an ejaculation.
Shame of not doing something well.
I made a comment that at the moment didn't fit.
I was very fat, and was ashamed of my body.
When my mother found out that I smoke maryhuana.
Shame of being reprehended.
When I went to meet the family of my boyfriend in a party in his house. His mother was eager to know me and all his friends ready to make jokes about the situation.
In the last day of carnaval I met a boy and began to flirt with him. I was in love with him. When he introduced me to his friends I died of shame because I was with them before, I met my boyfriend in carnaval.
I felt shame when I had to talk with a person that I hadn't seen for many years. Shame that he wouldn't recognize me or that I wouldn't know what to say.
When I had my first sexual relation and it didn't work.
When my mother looked in my drawer (where I keep my personal things) and she found some porno photos that I have kept from more than a week, and split it.
It was my birthday and all the members of the group made me a surprise in a public place at 10 p.m. giving me flowers and suvenirs.
After lot of explanation, to fail in my work.
I went to study in a public library but I didn't know it well. I got a book and wanted to study hearing music. Then I went to a place were I could do it, but when I passed by a door a bell rang and a man came saying that I couldn't leave with the book.
Some times I was ashamed of presenting seminaries or even to speak in class.
A day I was with my boyfriend and a couple of friends in a bar, and he said something that I didn't like (I don't remember what). Without thinking I slept him in his back, getting ashamed and sorry just after.
When I had to act alone a character for a public (40 people).
When somebody I knew greeted me and started to talk with me and I didn't know, I couldn't remember who he was.
I was working in I. when a friend of mine borrowed his car so I could get bach there, I had to come to S.Paulo and his car was here. He said :"When you get the car tell my mother that you are only taking the car bacause I asked, for she doesn't like me to borrow it". Next day he borrowed me it again for I had to come back again. When I was coming back I crashed the car quite a lot. One of the first person I met at the accident was his mother, that said to me "You weren't to take the car only yesterday ?" (before I saw her I was already ashamed).
I had never made a malicious joke in front of my boyfriend. Last week I did it I was funny, he loved it, and I died of shame.
In a play (secret friend) during the time of the high school I had to give a present to a boy and I was very ridiculous because of this.
We where in a bar and my friend had a fight with some guys who were in the table aside.
When I began to date, the first gestures of affection made me feel ashamed.
Note: for GUILT go to record n¦231
When I went to a halloween party and had to walk through a shopping center dressed like a witch.
When a friend told me a story and I stayed dumb because I had no story to tell.
When a group of friends began to make critics about me.
I feel ashamed every time that someone makes me a positive or negative critic.
When I accused unjustly a person of robbery, who proved me the contrary, almost caused a public fight.
When I realized that my bathing suit was spotted, I had became menstruated.
When I fell down.
I felt ashamed to be Brazilian and to live under a military dictatorship that despoiled the people, when during my military service.
I felt ashamed of feeling sorry about myself when I passed through the situation of being betrayed by my girlfriend.
I was in a bus with my school material when I fell and sat on the lap of another passenger.
The day my boyfriend saw and touched my breasts when I was without my shirt, only with my pants.
When I arrived late at the job and met the most troublesome boss.
I felt ashamed of my body in spite of knowing that it is more or less beautiful and also knowing that my boyfriend considers me beautiful, but this was only in the beginning.
When I was still a child I was told off in face of other persons for having touched an object that didn't belong to me.
When a friend of mine visited me and my house was in a mess.
In the classroom we discussed with the teacher. He told me things that affected directly in a negative way my job and my behavior in the classroom in front of the other pupils.
Sincerely I'm a very timid guy and so even in very simple situations sometimes I am ashamed.
When I went out with a friend of mine to meet her ex-boyfriend who didn't know that she was engaged to be married.
I feel ashamed when I am praised.
I was talking with an aunt of mine that I adore and I found courage to say "I love you" and just after that came the shame.
When I tried to hide a fact from a person for irrelevant reasons and considered such an attitude childish.
In the traffic I insulted a man who crossed my way. Afterwards I paired with him, and felt shame because of mine lack of pacience and ridiculous attitude.
Walking on the street passing by an air duct, my skirt went up.
When I saw my father coming out of the bathroom. He thought that he was alone at home and came out without his clothes.
When I don't say the truth, when I don't do a certain thing thanks to my laziness.
Shame I feel when I am not properly dressed.
I felt a sense of shame when I compromised a colleague of mine. I got an information from him which I quite out of place shared with another colleague of mine and it resulted in an unpleasant consequence for him.
Some days ago I fell down at a public place, I came into notice but thank God I was not mocked at. Though it hurt badly, at the first moment I felt shame, not ache.
When I had to prepare and read a paper to my fellow students but I didn't cope with the task.
I had borrowed some money and I exceeded the time-limit.
I was made a very sharp remark at a rehearsal.
I put on a lot of weight in a few months and every time I met someone I knew would avoid them, usually by hiding because my self image was low and I was ashamed of what I had done to myself.
I was taking place in an anti nuclear protest and was shouting protest loudly to some American sailors of the U.S. Texas submarine. A guy came up to me and said that's your brother screaming at, I felt shame and I realized screaming at another person isn't good protesting. Now I'm a silent protester.
I had called a boy who had dated me, and told him that I was ill, while, actually, I didn't want to go out with him, later on, he asked me if I was feeling better, then I felt ashamed.
During a family reunion, they started talking about me wearing an ear-ring.
I didn't do an important job and it had an adverse effect on other people.
I felt shame and I couldn't look into my teacher's eyes, after not attending his lectures.
I feel shame mixed with anger with the behavior of some incultivated people because my fiancT is a foreigner.
I was given the task to learn a page of music text for a small part. But I had forgotten all about it and I felt quite awkward when I had to show what I had prepared.
I feel shy to show all my worth when I work for the first time with a conductor or a producer unfamiliar to me.
When I hadn't learnt my lesson and I asked the teacher to give me "a three" and he agreed but even he felt quite awkward.
NB: In Bulgarian schools "a three" is the second worst mark.
My first girlfriend. I had the feeling that she was going out with me only because of my defect.
Adultery with the girlfriend of a friend of mine, of which he learned.
I am ashamed when I am not prepared in a subject and I have to answer in the presence of the patients.
When I do something unworthy.
Recently I saw a young girl fawning on a man. And what for - money and things. I was ashamed to be a woman.
In the past I experienced this feeling almost all the time - wherever I went, in different sutuations. I was small and I had to be taken to kindergarten, but me the fool didn't dare to tell exactly where, finally as a result I was late.
In my 20s - and was going out to dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday. Her (older - in 30s) cousin, really wanted me to get drunk cos I'd visited their (cousin & wife) place quite a bit, but had always been very careful - brought up to believe in moderation in drink (but not guilt repression etc). I mixed drinking with smoking (which I rarely did) and got drunk and had to leave the table to get sick in the loo, and later went home and was sick again; have never felt so awful in my life. And I didn't want to face or tell my other flatmates, or family.
A daughter in court for staff pilfering, she was dressed like a "street walker" - I had a friend form overseas with me and was falsely trying to impress with my family.
My son was apprehended for shoplifting at the age of 14. Because I too had been apprehended at the same age I felt the shame of not having been able to prevent my son from acting in the same way.
A young visitor to the house stole money from an elderly visitor's purse. It wasn't noticed for some hours.
A good friend of mine told me in comfidence that once he had tried to commit suicide. To meet him you wouldn't think so. I told another friend of mine about this when she was feeling depressed about her twin brother's suicide. I broke a bond of confidentiality.
When you betray the trust you have been given. This is connected with copying at a class-work at school.
When, for example, I fail in my undertakings.
I lied to my best friend and I wouldn't reform what I had done.
Exaggerating certain circumstances, wrong attitude and evaluation of these circumstances.
A theft committed by me.
I travelled on a bus and I forgot to punch the ticket. A ticket collector came in and I had to pay the fine. I did it with a feeling of shame.
When not fulfilling any of my obligations to a person whom I respect.
This happens to me when I am not prepared in a given subject.
I talked with a man who stammered and without controlling myself, I started to talk imitating him.
I feel shame when sometimes, (unconsciously) I behave unethically and without understanding the problems of the man I love.
I had not punched a ticket in the bus because I had a card. But when the ticket-collector came it turned out that I had forgotten it. The shame I felt was great though it was not done on purpose.
I felt this feeling during the exam in higher mathematics.
When I try to lie.
When I promise to do something but I don't fulfill it.
I counterfeited a mark in the school register during the lesson in gymnastics. I felt this feeling two days later when I stood face to face with my teacher, whom I highly appreciated and respected.
I had to prepare a report but I couldn't write it. I read from a book off-hand, I was quite uneasy and I felt I didn't manage.
I didn't offer my seat to a pregnant woman in the bus.
Some days ago I had a car accident. It was quite slight but through my fault. I felt strong shame because I had the spirits of a good driver.
When I don't succeed to fulfill a promise.
At a weakness on my part.
I feel this feeling at one and the same degree when I am not prepared to overcome certain obstacle in my life.
I was to take part in a cocktail party on the occasion of our national holiday as a servant.
I thought I had taken a decision but I hesitated.
I was nailed. I lied in connection with a book which I took from the library, because I had to keep it for a longer time.
I am ashamed when I am not ready for my seminar in internal diseases, simply because the assistant professor is a person who deserves high respect.
I was totally unprepared for a seminar conducted by an assistant professor whom I highly respect.
I experienced long ago when I was sightseeing Bulgarians in a foreign language.
Once I was not ready for a seminar and I was asked to leave.
I am ashamed of the way my father behaves with my mother and sister, and with me too.
I was embarassed at the exam in microbiology. I was ashamed with myself - how little I knew and how good was the examinor. I rarely become ashamed.
I was ashamed of the way I deceived that I could not help a friend, although it was absolutely possible for me. Nothing was revealed but I haven't called up this person since then.
I didn't tell my parents that I was going to Sofia. I told them that I was going to a seminar. My mother knew that I was lying but she didn't stop me.
At an exam in pharmacology I tried to prompt a coleague (she asked me something) and the assistant professor made me a sharp remark.
We were at a football match and when we were leaving the stadium (the stadium was packed with people) and I lost my shoe in the crowd. Our attempts to find it didn't give any result and I had to go home without one shoe. In other words to cross the whole town !
I was at a children's camp abroad. The people (the leaders, my coevals) were very king to us. One night we smeared our foreign friends with tooth-paste while they were sleeping and then we roused the whole camp by our shouts. Later I was so sorry. I didn't utter a word for two days, then I went to apologize.
I was examined by a teacher I greatly respected. I was well prepared on the subjects but he put some side-issues to me and I couldn't answer.
I feel shame when I have made a promise, I can't keep it and this has negative effects which are caused by my behavior.
I felt shame when I discontinued my education for eight months. 
Some time ago I promised to meet an acquaintance of mine and to carry him some promised papers. I haven't done it until this day. Now I feel quite awkward when I meet him.
I feel ashamed when I act dishonestly toward somebody.
During our last exarcise in agricultural machines we went out in the yard to examine a row of machines. But we seemed not to have fulfilled our task well, because when our teacher came and asked me a question I was unable to answer. I felt awkward because he didn't deserve it.
When I wasn't well prepared for a terminal exam and the teacher tried to give me a three by asking me some very easy questions. I burned with shame then.
Immediately after the New Year holidays I happened to visit a party where there was a lot of alcohol and I became drunk. On the next day I felt sort of ashamed when I remembered what I had said and done on the night before.
I felt ashamed when my parents found out that I had deceived them.
That was what I felt when I told my first lie and then was cought.
I have always felt ashamed for some people's behavior to their too old parents. I have felt hurt and shy when they have left them to the mercy of fate.
Once I had dinner at an elegant restaurant and I did not have enough money to pay the bill. There were a lot of people there and I felt quite awkward.
When I first had a sexual intercourse.
When for the first and the last time I tried to crib and the teacher was with her back to me but right when I was taking the materials out she turned round and saw me.
Losing my temper and allowing myself to act childishly by yelling and screaming at a person who I felt had done me wrong - in effect lowering myself to their level.
When I found a letter addressed "To Mum" by my son, 6 months later, he begged me not to sell his new shoes which he messed up after wearing them for the first time.
I felt shame at the hurt I caused to my family especially my parent father, shame of hurting people emotionally. A misconceived self-blaming that didn't do me any good. Shame at being myself as I am.
Put down by my father - at a family outing at mutual family friends dinner. Told "Not to Speak". The attitude by him was negative/I was in mid 20s, I had done many things - a wide range of experiences. Probably greater than he.
I told Mr Winter of Downtown Fashion to go to - when he did not accept my Visa !
When I was unable to respond to a welcome in my indigenous language of Maori at an important function where I was the only woman in the group and it was expected of me.
Like guilt - the most ashamed I have ever felt was when I began to feel guilty about having sex with my boyfriend when it was only "the thing to do", and not really an act of love.
NO RESPONSE.
I found I was pregnant and unmarried.
NO RESPONSE.
When ditched - divorced by husband.
When my natural parents name would show up on papers and not my, what I call real name.
When I went to explain to a lecturer whom I liked that the work expected of me was not going to be in.
That my brother and father are into alcohol, two men with priviledge. Not using it positively.
I criticised an action of my mother and for the first time she genuinely took notice of it. I felt shame that I was almost taking the part of a husband, or at least an equal which I should not.
While intoxicated I invaded someone's (a girl's) personal space to a large extent.
Not having owned up to the responsibility an incident where family car received minor damage.
When a close friend entrusted me with a secret and I let the cat out of the bag.
Cannot recall the emotion with any force.
My failure to provide the appropriate emotional/spiritual level to a sexual relationship that had a large physical content. Born out of inconsistency with my personal beliefs and value shame at largely using this sexual partner.
Watching Muldoon act as my P.M.
I am ashamed at myself sometimes when I am working with handicapped people and don't wish to be seen in public with them.
My first real experience with a boy. We were alone. I was quite young and pretty naive and he was pretty crude and real, sort of, macho. It was dark, at night during the summer and we were talking.
Felt ashamed when in a group conversation and could not understand words or comprehend the topic of discussion.
When I was twelve I was babysitting some children but I did not act very responsibly and one of them was injured.
Haven't felt shame for ages.
A serious drug error while nursing that I knew I was responsible for (patient lived, no complications fortunately).
When some unforgiving acquaintance dragged up an old and rather embarassing situation from my past.
Cannot remember such a situation.
Felt I had not appreciated my parents enough. Regretted the problems I'd caused.
Stealing money from my parents when I was young.
I kicked the dog outside on a cold night because he was annoying me. The next day he came down with the flu and we thought he was going to die.
Being with a close friend, in the city, who was involved at the present point in time in outrageous activity.
When caught shoplifting and the police were called in parents also informed.
On own reading book. Recall came to mind of slight sexual exploitation of a female (years ago) i.e. had her on even for sexual motives.
Close friend discovered I had deceived them. Felt shame at having done it and knowing that they knew.
I was severely reprimanded for a trivial offence in front of members of my peer group while still at school.
The 2nd time someone I had met cared for came over to my house I was absolutely inebriated and was sick into a bucket.
When dropping a carton of boiling soup onto a co-worker's leg - causing great pain, and for me, severe embarassment at my own ineptitude, and shame that another person suffered as a result.
When I was 15 my mother discovered various items in my room which 15 year olds aren't usually expected to have - mainly alcohol, marijuana and contraceptives !
I told my primary teacher I hadn't done my homework as my mother was in a car accident. My teacher rang that night to see how my mother was - she was fine i.e. no accident !
When I had come home drunk the day after a party, I felt very ashamed in front of my parents.
Breaking an implicit promise.
Sleeping with a girl on a Saturday night and then not contacting her in later days.
When I considered writing a load of crap for this emotion.
My father died 4 years ago, 18 months after my mother died. I feld my sister was responsible for his death, in that she "hadn't loved him". I felt ashamed for myself, and for my family.
Being caught by parents in a compromising situation with girlfriend.
I passed on some gossip that was untrue and cause two friends to have a fight who were already experiencing difficulties with each other.
When I let my girlfriend use my essay to help her to write hers and the tutor found them alike.
I was amongst a group of people talking about how the Maori people were stirrers and causing trouble in our country. I felt shame to be a pakeha when other pakehas had such narrow conservative views.
I ate very fattening food in front of my boyfriend who would like me to lose weight. I am supposedly pursuing a modelling career but first I must lose weight. I had been trying to diet.
When I as a Pakeha (white) new Zealander, was just as racially prejudiced as other people whom I had condemned.
Once in a public ladies room, I opened the door of a cubicle that was taken, although it was not locked.
Some weeks ago I experienced a day that everything went wrong I broke several things I felt very ashamed for I am not a sloven.
I saw a terrible accident happen and I laughed a lot of the fright and because I was nervous.
When I am in an auditorium with people and I ask a silly question so that everyone starts to laugh.
I felt shame when I didn't study enough for my exams and as a result I failed. I then invented idle stories to talk it good for myself and the others.
When I made an end on a relationship after three years.
During carnaval I danced for a few minutes normally I don't dance because I am rigid in my moving around during a dance, I stopped very soon.
At the airport, eighty beer cans that I was carrying in a bag spread all around while I was going through the metal detector.
When I got my fingers stuck in one of the side holes of the door, in the tube.
A mishap suffered on misinterpreting a girl's proposition.
I fell down in the bus when it braked suddenly and everybody started looking at me.
I cannot remember a situation in which I felt ashamed. I was eating with some people and a little boy I took care of. I warned him often not to knock down his glass of mild. When I took out his chair I knocked down my own glass.
I had subscribed for this test. We were informed by our secretary where the test took place. We went over there and thought there was a course. So we went back again I felt ashamed that the secretary again should see me.
We had arranged a beach party with 20 people. There my father got drunk I felt very ashamed.
When I have suffered a terrible fit of eating, that frequently occurs. Then I eat everything, I act like a glutton I eat big amounts of food, sometimes even half a loaf.
When I forgot the birthday of my best friend and I innocently came to visit her one week later.
I talk too much, cannot keep things secret. I promised a friend not to tell something to anybody. Neverthless, I did, and she got informed about it. I felt very ashamed.
I wrote a letter to my father to ventilate my bottled up feelings. Afterwards I thought it was too negative.
When I was 10 years old I stained our bench with a fountain-pen, I tried to twin the cushions, but then there were colour nuances. Then my mother catched me, she saw it and became very angry.
A friend catched me while masturbating. I am not fully sure whether she saw it or not.
When my mother found a leaf of my diary where I had written about my mother's lack of education, especially her poor arithmetical insight.
Making bloopers: e.g. telling something negative about a certain person, while that person is standing besides you and hears everything.
When I embarrassed a friend by asking him aloud if a certain person was "the source of gossip" he told me about, while that person was also present.
I stayed at home for a period because I felt depressive and I neglected my study when people adked me, I told them that I had freeterm and studied hard. I felt ashamed for my behavior and lies.
I was jerking me off in my bedroom, when suddenly, my mother came in. She looked at me and immediately left the room.
Asking someone to give me back the money I once lend him because I needed it myself.
I made a joke about the rat of a boy. I compared his rat with a sausage. I told the boy he had a delicious sausage.
My father was very angry with another man in the presence of my friends.
After having failed my driving test.
When I imitated a teacher behind his back - walking very silly.
Recently, I left my bag in the car of someone who picked me up while hitch-hiking. I spent some effort to find out where he lived (I succeeded).
When I arrived too late at a meeting of mentor (the night before the introduction of novices on the University start).
Going out for dinner, or during one ice-cream and four spoons.
When I tried to steal a book from the bookshop and was caught.
It was during a school holiday - I was found necking a girl in my room by my father.
While watching a religious film, I got very excited and made a number of comments which were reproached to me by an elderly person who respected me.
When I could not hold my bladder while making a telephone call and ended up wetting myself.
On New Years eve I drank too much alcohol, so much that I had to vomit in the presence of other people.
A much older man took advantage of me during my childhood (four to eight years of age).
I tried to swindle a jeweller because my watch was broken and I wanted to have it repaired it was a pity but they detected it.
I thought of myself as being clumsy when I made love for the first time with a girl.
A girl asked me why I didn't dance. I told her I was ashamed to dance. I felt myself ashamed having to tell her this.
When I went to a disco with a friend I started behaving badly embarrassing him without reason.
I omitted to do a favor to a friend, while he was very much in need for help.
When I am angry at someone without a good reason. Later on it proves that he didn't do anything wrong.
During a party I overheard a conversation about china. When I wanted to give my opinion one of the people came out to be Chinese and his opinion was right of course.
Making an unexpected talk with a professor in the canteen. This made me shy.
